this is the true true  hopefully me soon my friend
The admins gnna be back very soon 
lmao stocks be going up and down like elevators
Loool the moment we get green the canes are lost
wow cave one is getting insane had to switch back!
haha i just got back recently i should be asking you the same rest up who knows i still might be here haha
Strugelabs positive vibes all around the community having good feelings bout this one
Jer  hello furry og good to see you here
HENRYYY theyre always watching 
We need some wyvern lore i think 
yeah since first second had a good feeling about this one! then did the ol checkout and she checksout!
my wyvern brings all the bois to the yard
the cave 2 goes kinda crazy guys ill be honest
We arent sleeping right now need to move our way up
hello cave 2!! how is everyone doing today?
500  msgs in a day with 1 min cooldown
Channel Chit Chat  thecave
Topic A place to chat about anything that doesnt break the rules
Glad to be part of this
yoo thanks for the invite man pablo
lmao just lambo? were aiming for elon musks lamboes
When you wake up high
Welcome everyone. You are early. First 500 members gets an OG role.
have you guys started marketing
Wenn OG !!! aawyeah 861687615769673738
hunting MH rn PepeLaugh
glad to be here and to be OG
i cant create a new invite link
if your using your phone hold chillcave  then select invite it will generate a code for you!
thanks pepengmalupit
doin good man how are you
hello ser do you have a genesis 1 giveaway?
Well do giveaways soon. Youre all very early!
trade it with a genesis 1 lion perhaps?
thank you! haha looking forward
my heart cant take it no more
u starting a FUD bro?
why tho ahah we just want to start healthy community
lets go did i make it
Whassssuppp where u all from
do OG are whitelisted?
never been this early before
im just asking him bro.
you know vincent dangko?
idk maybe need to ask master about that xD ShihTzu
yeah pls starting with good vibes
yee ahah hopefully so tho
Helloooo i have landed
wait are you mod from bubble budz? damn you are here i just realize MrSilver
yes i am sir how are you
yes they are. see announcements and faqs
woaaa im so happy we have you here hopefully mod here as well
faqs not updated yet hahahah
First 500 gets OG role. Feel free to check faqs
thanks for the invite my g Hema
click on your name sir
boys theres no rules yet so you know...
hope this project isnt a kaiju ripoff
ahhaha people need to relax
Maea i see you are back grinding hahah
Whats a wyvern without its wings? A kaiju
ayo theres nothing in it
ohello ley shill me some
check sneakpeek  wings will be added soon. we were just sharing the first iteration of the base model
Whats popping good people
Lol I see zia in every channel
updated already. sorry for that
can i ask how to get OG? already react and join when it still 300 verification
this will be poggers the wings
im stuck at verif before.
My friend says need to be 10 minutes member to react HAHAHAH
what a slow chat haha
Thanks MrPresident  ARKIPEL
hey member 399 why im not have role wyverns ?
Lets wait for them to assign OG
lol how to get OG so confused
Wait for them to assign OG
hi can open my fridge ma
Hi guys how do I get WL At here
Huh why people dont have og rn
already react but no role change
Wait them assign og for me.
any day for u leh bro
but not 500 react on verification yet tho
i got stuck on bot hahaha
react to it and nothing happened
Og role means whitelisted?
power bro lets go la
MagnusDrake ShihTzu shouldnt i be OG sir
Power la bro ahahaha Gwen yo I not OG leh
yeah bro u can mint 1 automaticly on launch
we cant get og anymore?
how to get role wyvern guys ?
i was at 498 lol cant og?
they give it manually.. ahha
guys please not spam.
just wait for next information.
I go everywhere u go leh..
You open ur fridge and treat them a coke
not sure whats going on
what we can do?? let us talk properly
as of what i see OG is full damn
i was before 500 people
i registered when its 400
og is still 267 member 336
thekickssupplier and Hebetic were under 500 but still no access?
shouldve got the OG now
Wen OG sir MagnusDrake  ShihTzu  ii like ur name
Where are you all from?
yea i was well under 500 fosho
Are invites not working??
BananaKilla hello polis
gwen u OG haha congrats why me no OG
honestly theres sitll nothing in it xd
everyone wants level 8?
cslul hey bro where are you from
Only for MoNFTs  kaezaf so happy to stick with u leh Astrophix HAHAHA swee la lub lub u all
this is just the beginning
i cant even see any text
Am I too late to get the OG
If we got in before announcement r we og
we are manually checking and adding the first 500
i was under 500 can I get og
Wait first 500? My react was at 42x
Letss Goo GUyssaawyeah
closed already.. hope i get it
MagnusDrake im sorry i already OG earlier. but suddenly my role disappear
bruh i was well under 500
Why is og gone? Isnt it the top 500 liar?
Hey Bishopp arent you from the Axie Infinity server?
yesss i am ready to get og
Thank you Wyvern Master
please check me! i joined and clicked it but no reaction!
Hope Ser I get the OG
I had proof that Im  500 mamiheart  guess we can just wait
dont worry guys we are still early
Why is og gone? Isnt it the top 500 liar?
so did we get OG or not ahaha
They manualling this so we wait
i can provide you with screenshot for proof
that 10 minutes wait time
what about those who have to wait 10 minutes to react to the role?? my friends need to wait 10 minutes to press it but entered before 50??
that 10 minutes wait time
hello guys did i made it
i joined before theres 10 mins wait time
feeling young but they treat me like an og
i click when 420 so i should me it.
MrPresident  ARKIPEL are u OG sir?
Yeah but I dont have proof  I did nothing capture it  I hope we all make it
its still on progress right?
I was literally under 500
i click when it was 300 ish
still no og role for me
mother told me i was born an OG
I was og .. why the role is vanished
sir can you add cooldown here?
was everyone timelocked or just me?
i was at 498 lol no og
  i think i got in before 500 haha
im wthin 500  but why no role ?
YOOO FRIDGE!! hope ure in first 500 g
 Moderator please add cooldown here for temporary. hard to read.
im under 500 check thanks
ShihTzu  what about those who have to wait 10 minutes to react to the role?? my friends need to wait 10 minutes to press it but entered before 500 members??
Hahaha JIMEK MASTER21 hope so
hi sir MagnusDrake ShihTzu sorry to tag
u wil give role OG manual ??
Hope Im in the OG as well I made it in around 400 JIMEK MASTER21
Im guessint seperat the og and non og
i react to the snake icon when it is 270 only
they are doing manually
LFG fam.. theyre prolly checking it u will get it..
please have patient buddy.
Love to join the OG group
how did they get that
ShihTzu i reacted but cant access to the server for sometimes
hopefully still can get OG role haha. Was stucked on bot hahahaha
Is it manually or automatically?
what about those who have to wait 10 minutes to react to the role?? my friends need to wait 10 minutes to press it but entered before 500 members??  ShihTzu
We will get it in no time.
hows everyone doing today?
Yes sir  being hopeful
maybe mod take time to sort out and assign role manually
yeah weve discontinued the auto role because of a massive influx and to ensure that the first 500 got the OG role
Is the verification bot lagging? because I react when it display 300 and yet i got no role? or i already joined when the member already exceed 500? please kindly enlighten me to the condition... thank you   cc ShihTzu MagnusDrake
is mod manualling it?
its the cooldown i guess
I reacted while it was 450
I was member 450 but the button wouldnt activate the server for me
we are the 500 one tho
art looks cool btw team
the button is stuck bro
What if some of them were bots
it was 370  when i joined then no OG for me ?  sad
i got in before its 500
We are still adding roles.
We will add OG to the first 500 members manually. Please stay tuned.
So the bot collected the first 500 members that react? I mean do you have the data sir?
Oh so we will still get the OG role coz I was here like when 200 only ShihTzu
Hello I was stuck for 10mins
it was 370  when i joined then no OG for me ?  sad
wait on it i guess. doing it manually
dw guys theres still 1500 General Whitelist
yes sir thanks for info
so the og already closed yeah?
glad to be here early!!
was it the first 500 to click the react?
yah yah i guess i need to be patient
im sure im number 481 hahha
Sorry for tagging butwhat about those who have to wait 10 minutes to react to the role?? my friends need to wait 10 minutes to press it but entered before 500 members??  alot of people will ask the same question
ShihTzu I was member 446 and  clicking the verify button didnt activate the server
i think i joined the first 500 no idea
that is a lot of spot
How do you know what number you are
the first to join the server will have the role. not the first to verify
hit me up if adding mods as well
hope you dont miss me mate  . i react to the snake icon when its only 270
Ahh oke thanks for clarifying
Selling og for .1 eth. Dm to buy
might give wl to alot of bots
Thanks for clearing this up had to wait out the 10mins before I head to bed. Looking forward to more bullish news tmr!
ShihTzu are you still manually adding OG?
yes they are adding it manually
team is adding role manually
i did reacted but cant access to the server for like 1 min
Selling og for .1 eth l. Dm to buy
Selling og for .1 eth l. Dm to buy
Ok I think Im good then
What is the diff between OG WL and general WL??
Selling og for .1 eth l. Dm to buy
as long as your the first 500 who joined youre good
yeah glad they dont rush things too
they planning to drops on 2nd3rd week of november
so theres plenty of time
but you are not yet OG
admin is manualling ?
Im join early why im not have og?
how he can know the 500 one lol
closed first 500 that joins the server got it
respect to team ShihTzu
i dont think we made it guys
if i came in before the 10min cooldown am i gmi
can i get og role plz
To the OGs Im thankin you now
Was watchin you when you was pavin the ground
they say first 500 that joined so the cooldown doesnt matter
whoaaa im late for 8 minutes...
og is here for the win
Looking forward to the announcement too
Looking forward to being OG
Sir why im not have my wl?
Im og but Ill wait for whitlist
looks like a cool proejct
    iam join at 494 XD
i was first 500 so do i get OG ?
its ok guys ! they are still adding
Feeling like Im screwed and bots got in before me
Thanks  I trust the process
If I made in time to first 500 I will be all over the moon if not I will try to get WL
ShihTzu pls give me og role
I wonder where can they see the names
Can you verify they are not bots
A lot of us are waiting
lets go guys stay positive
Just a Hatchling with OG dreams about to come true
lets see did i get first 500
First 500 but not get OG role
project looks great !
cant wait for my role
same i joined before 500. ill wait for mod to manually give me role
dont be sad we still have chances to get general whitelist
Hello all how to get whitelist?
give the mods some time
Waiting for my OG Role.
how can u check what  you are
Og check waiting my OG role
pretty sure i came in before 500
same i should be first 500
Im 200 member joined bro
Everbodys trippin about OG.
dear sir  Admin ive been OG before. but idk why my OG role has been lost. con you guys kindly check? thanks!
Its quite easy just seenthe order people join in new wyverns
hehe wasssup gangster how are you all?
Hahahaa so whats the next thing to do?
im around 300 members but react on 498
Whats different between OG and general whitelist?
dont worry if you are one of the first 500 to join youll have your role. please be patient
Ill be patiently waiting for it
partyblob  hopefully this discord dont get hacked as well please be awfully careful admin
I just wanted to ask like this too bro many of my friends have joined still under 500 but dont get a role
Hi want to ask... since the bot didnt let me in yet verification so i dont get OG? please kindly consider it   thank you
thanks sir! appreciate it
Hey mate who can I contact about offering my services as a mod
I saw its at 500 members when I came it haha
what if theres a bot who join the first 500?
more discords are being hacked be careful haha
damn i think i jsut missed it
better get that 2FA up and running
Join or react to the verify role sir?
need my og role!!!!!!!!
First 1000 still whitelist? Just not OG
Yeaa president the OG
kek  its not that deep
yep he said as long as u came before 500 no worries
How do they know which are the first 500 hah
first to join. we are aware that the verification is bugging and a lot have not gotten their role. so we are giving the roles who first joined
Did I make the og role?
How do we know if we made it
hi im first 500 og role plz
allright sir seems i didnt make it if its the first 500 people..
yesss the react role bug was clutch it in on 498 no cap
group is growing fast
okay cool just checked i believe ill make it since those that joined later than me have their og role
yea he invited me damn ur so fast
just wondering yud haha
lol....i just know from lexy HAHHAHAA
had a 10 minute timer before i could verify
me too saddd im sure it was under 500 when i joined
i made the top 500 i swear
Maybe they should og first 600 or 700
were still adding the roles
We need first 1k og lol
First 800 the best number
All the best with this project
the professional shiller xD
Theyre adding. Manually as bot bugged
They are gonna give more roles later guys
What about people under 1k?
Man lol I legit was here before 500 brother
I got in before mod annouce its close
oo ok cool.. hopefully I will get mine and  you too bro zakura
did OG assignment done ?
Hope you too man I saw u before 500
I entered earlier den smone who got og
Hopefully imin the 500 who join first
still not my turn yet it seems
hope im in 500 early mem
Wish I could fly to work on the back of a wyvern
Og still 406 i have chance
alreadyd 406 OGS 94 more guys
aggree! they should do this
LFGGGGGGG nid OG so bad
they are manually adding the new OGs
1000 will be enough for everyone
I hope they check properly
jealous of those ogs...
me waiting for og status Witness me!
would be dope if they change it to first 1k
Still excited for this gonna grab a boy at public if I can
yess better not grind hahaahahah
GUYS relax admins are still adding the role by the order of joined people i believe. so if you are sure you are early just chill
MagnusDrake ShihTzu React emoji for 1k OG
Where my OG.. it is finished? I click verif before 500.
Looking forward to learning what Breath does maybe add new attributes or breeding perhaps?
Pls verify those who got in under 500 are not bots
I verified before 500 man wheres mine lol there thank you
just wait for team to give you role.  Im also was here and am waiting.  no big deal we chillin
yooo how come im not in
hai can i have white list plz
im sure i was here before 500...
They didnt do from earliest eh
xrooks kelsin wang man you will get it soon
hopefully ill get it too
Saw some later also got og already...
Wuhuu thnks my love friend
The anticipation is killing me
Please got wl hahahaha
nid OG so bad man MagnusDrake ShihTzu
hopefully to make it to WL
Thank for the og  Admin
flying towards the sun on my wyvern
Mods and admin pls check if the 500 og are bots
pls make it to top1000 join pls  hahahah
just be patient sir they will add manually
dang dont think i made the cut
so happy that i was the top 500
relax guys dont make jobs harder for them
Yeah he was way below
not a bot Im a living breathing human from the first 500
It would be dope if they adjust it to first 1000k OG or WL...
did i make it?Think3D
pray hard to be a OG hahaha
oh man I need that hahaha
I have made to first 500 sir ShihTzu httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902909114508783686 but I dont know why the color is dark
Discord  A New Way to Chat with Friends  Communities
Discord is the easiest way to communicate over voice video and text.  Chat hang out and stay close with your friends and communities.
why people joining now still getting og than the ones earlier?
og for the win HAHAHA
Im waiting for my role
im a walking living creatureee  hahahaha
Damn we too late for the first 500 it seems
we have rectified this.
861688761661652992 2
papa bless the og children
Hope got my og hahaha
how do u filter the bots
why members after me are OG
tho i reacted  and join first?
same bless me an OG pleaseeee
Ok now if I dont get it I love you anyway
Im landed 500 hahahaha
OG still available kind sir?
guys the mods are going through a check 1 by 1 manually
were still adding manually
Damn. Just missed OG. Any chance later entry?
sup sup how we know haha
could u increase the number of whitelists to accomodate more early ones
Stil waiting my og hahahaha
well have whitelist details soon
Tks sir appreciate it. Pls kick out any bots. Hehe
first 800 OGs please HAHHAHAHAHA
Guys i counted manually and 500 first is supposed to be until Andy lol might get even more OGs
im join at min 28 and u skip min 43 smh
just do first 1k og or something
first 1k would be clutch
have to manually count lol
i counted for 5 minutes hahahah
First booster for the server! Yay!
dn worry guysss the admin are adding 1 by 1
many bot GOT OG. see they off now MagnusDrake ShihTzu
Were almost there guys
be patienceeee!!! admins are working their ass out hahaha
congrat you are so lucky
need more og slots lol
If you find it in your OG hears to ad me
so its based on the join list too?
i wonder what time i joined
they will check it for sure just be patient
Come join me in boosting! The more the merrier!
alredy done for it RN. they never check again
relax guys and wait crying
What do you all think will be floor before public sale?
I wonder if i joon before 500
sup man doing some stuff here try to make people relax a bit
We minting tonight ?
thanks for counting bro u made my life easier LOL
lol my name is not in the new wyverns hahaa
You always ard with me bro
hi MOD   please inform when you done  everyone are waiting .
How many are you all thinking of going for on public release?
Im landing 28 hahahaha
When my OG ? Lol  Admin ???
Going to try and grab a boy hopefully I can
the discord is still small just reward the early ones
we always meet each other in this meta verse
u should join the Mr Beast video count to 10000
Well have more whitelist opportunities soon
im already here at min 28 and u skip to min 43 ? ShihTzu
Cant wait if I didnt make it but I might have
just see urself in yvern i already tell u the number 500 just check wether u below that or not
fingers dont stop typing but they do be getting a workout
I think i react when still under 500
missed it by 20 spots
congrats mate you made it
they will announce it soon!
looking good. more and more improvements
whats everyone doing to kill time atm?
reacted like when theres 473 reactions hoping to get my WL
I react when 490 at verify
Doea this count? ShihTzu
ohnoooo pls open up more
Thanks sir will await your updated
they looking at first 500 who joins alot of people got 10 mins delay to react so might be too late for that
yes were checking it coz the stat bot got bugged midway
whoever right below zeraa poor u haha ouch
is the counting finished already?
wow thanks for the OG
so anyone who are the first to join 500 will be okay? ShihTzu ?
what to do now to get WL
anyone who joined before ZiaaaaX got OG
wait till they sort it out first
I havent received the role yet
Thank you modsadmins! u guys just made my day
Any good projects lately besides this one? Keen to pick up a few more
were sorting the OG roles first then well move to whitelisting details
im sure atleast 2030 are bots i hope lol
Waiting for that SIr!! Thank you
keep waiting till announcements start glowing
many bot got og.they off now. i come here 501. TT
I didnt get OG cryinnnnnnn
im off by only like 15 people i think but i joined and rejoined
btw  anyone here jumped on the BlockBot raffle?
Might go grab a snack right now to fuel me.
I think joined after .27 ngmi
Me too because the verification stuck
Really hoping i made it!
below minute 27 still got a chance so just waitup
ok then og below 1k? hehe
the 10 min react was bad
as long as whitlisting is easy
so they still manually checking it
got hit with the 10 minutes too did anyone else get hit?
i was late 2 minutes nooooo
if you are below ZiaaaaX you wont get it sir
but for WL method just wait announcements
Any aussies in here atm?
Take your time!! Ill be waiting for good response from you
i def joined then then had to rejoin and i was minute 29 so just kill me now
Everyone has different time bro. My time shown when im writing this message is exactly 910 pm. You cant use that time as a measurement.
Just wondering if .26 gmi
ummm the minute will def be same...
btw we got the same timezone
i know there had to be have been alot of bots that got in earlier
Anyone pick up any peculiar covid hobbies lately?
Come on guys! We need one more boost other than mine to go level 1 at least for the server. Someone join me pls!
wait this dont make sense  this guy got og role joining way after wth
mods pls extend the list to 600 for others who had issues
good thing I found my name on newwyverns and all of my seatmates are an OG role hope you could work on mine sir ShihTzu and SUPER CYAN   httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902909114508783686
If you all believe in the project please boost also
hi hi its ziaaaax and sorry for those who joined after me
Sleep is for the weak power through!
yea there are like few people i think 35
when i clicked the verify button it was 400 something
open whitlistttt or open og for 50 extra peope
lots of bots got og im 100 sure
Where are my aussie peeps at!!
notice how its quiet now all the bots are gone
were retracting stray G roles given
bossif 500 og is over just tell me
lots of people are in delay 10 mins so yea
yeah  but we got more ways for whitlist
ShihTzu its clear when i click verification only 420
they dealing with it right now
how many can we mint on whitelist?
they are looking at newwyverns
so people join without verif still counted??
Anyone adopt any old hobbies because of covid?
we dont make this as basis coz the react role got bugged due to massive influx
many bot got OG. why??? now just 284 OG online half bot
hi! the art seem good
those will be purged. we are manually checking everyone
you can take out people without verif from OG. imo.
hai guys? Is there anyway to got wl
how about those who got the Role way after 500? seems like few people got it i think u need to remove em
Fairly sure I got before 500 fingers crossed
then add it to people below ziax
which tweet should we retweet? ShihTzu
you rock dude thank you
ok hopefully more spot opens up
so we will got some space there? i come here 501
Any other projects youve all been looking at thats been promising?
react there verification
so how to be whitelisted?
do you think there will be enough for us?
seems like they gonna do some competition lol lucky draw
OGs are taken there will be 1500 wwhitelist
Will there be another WL event or will it be raffle based
ShihTzu did the giveaway post get taken down? KEK
hello ser no WL for u
Brb gonna get some snacks and refill my water jug
whats happening? i reacted at 490
kevinsusanto LFG wkwkw
I just checked after the announcement I missed it by 2 minutes  my luck
But hopefully wil get through other methods
500 spots got by OG the rest who join late can only be appreciated   somehow need more lucks
when u react verification u can see how many ppl already react there.
They are doing it manually now
i react even before 400 but bot sucks
twitter comp now open
which tweet do we rt?
I hope the bots will be removed
Maybe its bugged not sure
same bro. i click on react while hit 501. and many bot got it
Done with the Retweet ser
Done it sir   Will you consider OG for the first person to boost the server?
bot just sucks sometimes when people flooded in. it wont work
react to the latest right
yo my friend cant join the server
We want to support! we love your arttt
Yo everyone! Damn did I miss whitelist?
is there still OG role??
No more OG bro left WL
now they got Twitter WL comp go check it outt
Ser all OG roles given?
pls give us more opportunity that isnt a giveaway like invites or delete the bots lol ill prob be good then
Can confirm if zia is the last OG?
Is there any still OG role?
Yes Ser I was the first one  to complete the steps
didnt make it to og dam
Hahahahaha I was just wondering
Sup mate! Happy to see you all here!
What is the different between OG and Whitelist ?
You breathe fire  water jk
hope the team remove some bot and we still a a chance
top left there is counter
Very happy to see you here Ser as well
U are cool man infollowed your ig as well
28 more check the bot
you done with picking OG?
announcements please refer there
Hopefully I can be one of the OG.
lol many indonesians?
Pls refer to announcements
Why the art so similar with kaiju?
done the first giveaway
hello just joined here
yeah hope can win twitter giveaway.
Whyy I dont have blue colour name
All want OG and whitelist no one want support the server and boost it?
why dont i have purple name
can go to giveaways and join it for now
only 10 spot in the next 24 hour
u gotta be under min 26 min
sheshhhhhhhh nid it so bad
the real og is the mods
Love how quiet it got now that the og roles are being sorted and the bots left
HeavenBlade  hey man how r u????
Seeing avarik people here
We still here lurkin haha
OG role given by the order in newwyverns ?
MagnusDrake ShihTzu httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902910801747271720
Why is my role removed?
right always happens lol
ShihTzu ey sir im not og yet i joined before ZiaaaaX
I hope there is still a chance for us after they remove
okay got it sorry heheheehehe
Is this the skyrim fanatics nft?
ShihTzu sir cani have og?
im new here nice to meet you
still working hard to get my chance
Yuhooo got it thank you ShihTzu
nice that you gotten og
ShihTzu  I hope I can get the OG role.
just came back from work
i reinstate you as well ShihTzu  enjoy
I want the og so badly too
Hi welcome back mate.
can we have whitelist for first 1k people evil
Im late by 1 minute lol
youre late by like 2 hours
they have not announced yet faqs is empty
I first 1k ShihTzu   give us og pls. Otherwise it gonna get tougher
Oh well i gotta sleep gn peeps
its first 500 so you def screwed
I think so but 1 minuted away from Ziaaax
Yeah me too. Im late for 8 minutes.
bruh i swear ShihTzu will og me
come on some more spots aaaa
Next one to pump fosho
Please more spots haha
we want more we want more
Mine got removed as well pls check ShihTzu
ShihTzu MagnusDrake   first 1000 OG everyone would be amazed... how you listen to the community... React guys for OG role!
let the 1000 to be OG
yeah remove the others. HAHAHA
Remove the BOTS ill probably make the first 500
First 500 OG Another 500 early Dogs
Hey Zhu good to see you here
can u announce ways to give WL pls
Remove bots I m definitely the first 500
Yeah bots pls remove haha
Yeah me too I believe so
good afternoon everyone its a pleasure to be part of this community
I hope youll hear the community
MagnusDrake check mine for the third time there is sitll a chance im og
first 500 are already given Og. if you came early but not given a role please send us a ticket and we will review
kinglove 11 verified 3
hey man nice to see you in the group too
no worries we support
19 member before 1000
pls make way to get WL D
Not yet! its under development
it wont let me send ticket
still waiting on the whitelist announcement!
is there any WL later?
I came early as well.... love the art
whitelist announcement will come in a bit
top 1000 pls caught it a bit late sadly
Man 1000 still early. I hope we get atleast Early Dogs role
i am sending a tick now
Make it 1k we will retweet and make sure your twitter followers double. Or not I drop nitro
Yes you too Homie. Great minds think alike
will drop a nitro as well
yea hopefully this seems like a Kaiju v2 ong
2 nitro on the betting table now. Anyone want join in the pool
waow king drop nitro in bear also pls
yeah love the art ! One of my favorite
Boosted da server pog
uhm admins why my role gone i was blue earlier
heyjust found out about thisgreat art!
I was late by 2 minutes
anything cyberkong graphic i ooga
Thanks sir for the update and congrats to the 500 OG well deserved for being earlier.
May I humbly suggest top 25 or top 50 server booster to get whitelist so that we can get to level 3 for the server? Just a suggestion only
can only create ticket  if you og worriedlaugh
Lets keep the suggestion in suggestions
I was so close but missed sadhug
ShihTzu  may I humble suggest to let first 1000 user be whitelisted. We will help the twitter followers doubles. Should it not happened  we will drop nitro. Currently 2 nitro on the bet table
But I agree with your suggestion
i think i was early but maybe not so early haha
whats going on every1?
ShihTzu httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902910707186683924 pls fix this mate I was blue earlier
no need to be hostile fren
if were og are we wl?
go vouch for this guys D
Whoever is agreeable and wish to contribute to betting pool please help to bump my post
If you have any suggestions post it in suggestions  thank you
THE COMMUNITY HAS SPOKEN... intense background music
OG been stuck at 487 for awhile now
Well noted and with thanks. Sorry got carried away by the hype.
bot got spammed to shiet
This is the way  lets get a Dao vote
You are always welcome
I will submit this in suggestion guy help react
this project is gonna pop tf off glad I caught it super early
 Moderator httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902910707186683924 can you help me fix this lad?
great how are you fam
yeah at least we still early even if no og role
Thats okay  we always listen
Doing well how about yourself
sadly 1 hour late ahahhahahaha
Yeah I think its full
Not to bad this morning
Those who agree  please help react
ShihTzu how bout your first Twitter followers
Thank you   Looking forward to the next update and announcement!
check out the giveaways giveaways
looking forward to such a great project
Are we running on ETH?
3 mins . I hope they remove the bots
Whats good cuz where my og at
Where do i send my wallet to?
Thats an excellent idea as well
First 500 in Discord Amd first 500 on Twitter
Those who agree we need your help to react
Yes just be active and engage in the community
Hoping to get OG i joined at .26 mark
Yes it is. We are happy to have you here
will do hopefully get whitelist D
It the first day of this server we are all early
Welcome appreciate if you could extent your support to us by reacting
discord only made an hr ago
Just engage in the commumity soon we will have an announcement
its admins choice I m certainly top 1k but mods and admins choice. Good luck to them for the project I suggest an early adopters role. Its not whitelist but it has benefits and all D
Somebody check when i joined cuz
was for first 500 people
Too late but its not too late for whitelist! Just gotta be active
Cant believe I was late
Welcome to the new comers
Hows the weather where yall are?
Not great today overcast
can i see more sneak peek
Nice day today actually wbu?
Lets see how this goes
I kinda like that. Anyone from the west coast?
When does it count after u press verify or just join server
Tintin I just hope no inv requirment  I dont really hv any friends who are into nfts
Nah Im closer to the east
How about another 500? Haha
nice to those that made it
Lets try on Twitter raiddd
hello im new here mate
Mods pls do another 100 for og for those who were stalled by the bot
Fun fact discord was almost named wyvern before launch.
thankyou! how are you mate?
i see you just came from the loading screen
Early gang ganggg Hary Tanoe
Oh nice man yea its been rainjng over here we had some flooding loo
What to do to get the WL?
earlyyy gang chat wgmiiiiiiiii
Crazy weather here too rain in and out
no announcement yet for the WL yeah?
they havent announced steps yet they will post instruction on whitelist soon in faqs so watch out for that announcement
Thanks for letting us knowww
Grats to the OG I will look forward to join you all soon
Im doing well on my reading week from school and spending it on discord looking for NFTs I like haha
Wait for the announcements  mate in the meantime make friends and chi chat
how old are you mate? you must be so young and early bro in this world! congratsQ
yes sir everyone in here is early its just gaining hype really quick
be first 500 or be active in the community and help. No official details but one thing we know is that no invite competitions
im gonna stop being sad and come back later
We will announce it soon
Oh damn floods always suck. I was a contractor for some insurance companies in my area ripped out a few flooded basements every spring
Check our announcements for further updates
grats to the OGs hopefully I can join yall soon
best thing is that no invite competition pogg
Not quite haha just late going back to college. Im 27
Haha and we are early wyverns
Evening everyone hows everybody doing?
Make sure to follow us on twitter
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
yup super happy for them D. Now it will be soon our turn to shine starwarspepe
LFG!! Were gonna make it!! Were early for this project!!! Will always support you
wen new whitelist requirement announcement
Welcome new joiner OG are full and further update on wl will be released aoon in announcements
its first day of discord even if you didnt get OG there is still whitelist to be given out which they havent even announced yet but will soon you early fam
I shilled this to my nft group all of them are superrr pumped D
all the best guys dont give up there is still other WL task
announcements will be provided shortly
HeavenBlade thanks for inviting me
can we make it first 1000 for ogs lol
okay still hoping then
We are all the early bird
Hey bro! You godspeed man!
Happy to join the fam !
Hopefully my Kaiju gets a Wyvern to play with soon
Easy for you to say lol
congrats to all the OGs
nice gang you ll have there
Anyone og telling me not to give up Im good Ill take it from the greys
can we get a lfggg from everyone here? LFGGG
Raffle 100 WL on the next 500 members pls
The greys know the struggle
where are you from bro?
Lmfao right hell yeah
edwinlim0727  u got og?
God damn bots probably 100 joined here
You never hold my hand go ocer finishing line  p. Kekekkee
ah yess hai from indonesia! nice to meet you
Dont forget to follow us on twitter
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
I know you guys are excited no worries we will announce soon on how to get into the WL
hahaha dont like that
Nice! Ive always wanted to visit
pogggers does being active help?
Joking bro! I love you
Follow up the Twitter and retweet their post guys!
What if I mail you a picture of my dog
when a mod wishes me good luck
ouh please come! Bali is waitin for you mate
ive always wanted to live in Canada hahaha
Good morning Tintin  where is Milou !
yes please send me i love dogs
Remember yall 1 BREATH  1 BREATH
btw mods can u make it so that we can change our server nickname pls
Hey everyone saw a post on Twitter and love the art
glad to  have u lobster
daym this is still quite in early stages
we are very early here boss
cool to see do like me high quality pixel art projects
were the second 500 def something too
Bali would be lovely right about now haha
Guys if I dont get og Ill die myself
not announced yet but watch out for announcements faqs soon
i know hahaha this is the best time to have some fun in Bali bro
Chill mate.... there is still whitelist to try for.
lets reach level 3 guys server boosttttt. lets goooooo
Once I hit it big off of some NFTs I will
1069 the infamous number
Sounds about the right number
hey sir hows it going?
SUP guys new here! how yall doin
lets reach level 3 in 10 min lets goooooooo. Booooost fasttt
the OG is only 500 right?
hopefull the MOD and team can increase it to 1000 hahaha
876258066490851389 3
thats what u would want right
Yes mate!! Show the server some love!
ive got the feeling when i wake up tomorrrow member numbers are gonna skyrocket
silly me for not boosting
sucks i missed first 1000
hahaha yes! okay mate stay safe!
Ill take the boat out
yeah itd be nice cause we aint OG haha
lets gooooooo show this server LOVEE. booost guys
how many people where here like 24 hours ago?
you in here early so thats definitely good have a great rest of your day fam
ayeeee Hyxder httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902834895506767902902933727464812554
Ty Hyxder saw this one from your retweet
Idk I think its the first day so none
in most cases og is 500 only
tbh its fine we are still early and we have a pretty good chance to get in the wl!
If you all can get 500 likes then probably can be considered  p just joking
shieeet and already 1k
actually you got the point bro haha
nice to meet you! where are you from?
Yeah its gonna be big
yea people found out QUICK
thankyou fam have a great day too
im from india brother
I wish I had found it earlier but ggs
definitely keeping eyes on this one
I think I will make it ti first 500 as I was 2 minutes and few people late once they remove the bots and also people who will not submit their wallets  but I generally think 1000 is a good number as we  as a community are at this number snd all of us are super early
i agree with that too
Dont worry there are still ways to get into the WL well announce soon.
i was late too think i got in at 800 members
I dont even know how I saw it it just popped up and I insta followed the Twitter on seeing the pixel art
I got in a bit shy of 1k
but we still have whitelist announcement coming up soon so it should be okay if you put the required work in
Glad im here semi early
wow the twitter is going off
Looking forward for WL annoucement!
oh wow! im from indonesia brother! nice too meet you!
Due to the Popular demand of our beloved community as we love to listen to our members we shall adjust the OGs to 1000 ... Man that would be a music to my ears... I hope theyll increase it to 1000
this gon be 5k by tomorrow
btw Hyxder I m coming for ur no.1 spot king
i think were all looking forward to WL announcement before this thing blows up haha
Yeaaahhh maybee really hoping get OG
i kept it all warm myself
we gonna see let the better dragon win   me
i see in your bio please bump DMs what does that mean lol ive seen it on a few poeples profiles
Mods can we the second batch 500 get something too pls were early too considered 1k is not a big amount
React if you guys want to increase it to 1000 OG
 8  8  7  5  5 876258066490851389 5
My man got a nice pfp
ShihTzu do u mind giving just 1 more sneak peak I wanna rep it as my pfp sofire
Its for other work usually get lots of DMs when people need help so bumping basically means sending another message to notify the person again that hey you missed my earlier message check it out
i mean it would be nice to be in the OG but we are here very early so i think WAGMI
thank you bro i stole it from sneakpeek dance3
ahh i see busy DMs hahaha
need just 1 more dijuawd90wia90d9w0adiwa
Lets goooo! The art is  and the roadmap also looks promising! Really want to hop on the trainnn! LFG cosmic wyverns!!!
Hey everyone any whitelists availaibities?
soon. when we reach a certain number of members.
sofire 10 starwarspepe 6 Troverse 5
So uh can anyone explain the difference between a wyvern and a dragon?
welcome onboard fren
something to do with how many legs they have or position of wings or something lol
Wyverns are a tier lower than dragons
leak the number king earthrainbow
what was the cut off for og sir?
Make sure to follow us on twitter
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Ooooh interesting well these are dope either way
daym that is a SMOOTH gif holy shit
Good Luck to everyone who joined giveaways
more info on faqs announcements better check it out
excited to say the least
hahah awesome bro! is this project affiliated with kaijus at all?
guys make sure to keep having meaningful interactions in the chat and being positive!
Yeaaa followed already my man!! So hyped and excited for this project!! Do we need to level up?
we are not affiliated with kaijus but we will reach out to them for a possible collab
First thing that i did after going through the server. Cannot wait for more details to fill it all up!
i can feel it in my bones
thats cool and all but whats the member number for sneakpeak 2
get some more calcium brah
sweet sound good bro!
all done is the website under development?
Insta followed when I saw the art
i was born with glass bones and paper skin
Where all the skyrim fans at lol
Sir it is possible to extend to another 500 for OG slot? How about us who still early
miss playing that game
its probably over but we still have whitelist announcement to look forward to
Thanks alot appreciate it
I must not give up da throne
Tintin pls renable gifs 4912sadgepray
Tbh idk how theyll top skyrim
gifs are crucial to expressing ourselves in the appropriate manner
members growth is flying
come on come on give the chance to get it ahaha
exactly its not possible to survive without them..
yes we will fix that sir
Still got a chance at that OG tomorrow
Yup in just an hour man! we are glad
Wawoo that I did not knew
yeah people have set the bar really high...
good music brah i am listening along on spotify
i0djaiw0dji0awjfdi0jwqd  ty
Ppl who dont submit their wallets will be taken off the OG role. There will be a few I think
working on that thanks for the reminder
If you have any suggestions regarding the WL spot please let us know. Thank you in suggestions
thanks a lot for listening
we all appreciate it a lot!
There should be rage Channel where we can express specially I who missed the 500 number by 2 minutes
everything seems good imo D looking forward to see what yall hv planned
Landsm my mans! I see you modding here too
yes we are always here to listen you guys
hey fren please make sure that you guys disable webhooks and stuff in official channels there have been lots of hacks recently and I dont want to see more projects get ruined because of this
Good Evening From Philippines!
yup this is very important!
exactly bearx got hacked badly. I dont think they can recover from this
Have a nice day everyone!
BlockBots is giving out 2000 free blockbots in their raffle now
Og role looks to be filled already
I also want an OG role pls
how about first 200 who followed the twitter for og?
get back to you later guys Chill here at the Cave!
dont forget to check faqs announcements giveaways
yeah... creature toadz were able to pay off the losses because of members and because well the guy decided to give the money back for some reason but it will be hard for early projects to do that and chance of hackers giving money back again is highly unlikely
Yeah it is. Waiting for an announcement about WL for the time being
you can still try to get on the wl just keep interacting with us and vibe!
I think its over for bearx. Their mint was 0.035 u can see how much money they would hv made with 3000 mints
yes soon we will open more info about how to WL
the hacker gave money back because people discovered his binance account
wwwwww. LETS reach level 3 asapppp
feel so bad for bearx i aint even get wl but damn things were going really well up till that feels bad
is there any new announcemente for whitelist?
oh yeah forgot about that LMFAOO then mf tweeted saying it was social experiment or whatever
guysss only 6 boosts till level 3. lets do thissssss
whats the status of that now? did they actually get their mints nicked? are they still going ahead?
6 boosts only chat lets goooo
yessir im also thinking of buying one rn!!
yeah discord twitter account they were locked out of everythin the hackers even tweeted from their account that what they posted in discord wasnt a scam
Just missed OG but still happy to be here
honestly have no idea I left the discord server because I got a thousand pings lmfao
Thank you for joining us and the rest to make this server better
we made WL? thanks man appreciate it  starwarspepe
ah yes i heard about that lmao
Daaaamn thats tough gotta make sure you remember mint dates so you dont fall for that stuff. I saw divine anarchy discord got hit last night too
Oooooo leak the requirments
did they have the same thing happen to them too?
yeah man fr people gotta be more cautious
WL info about to come out soon bro. lFG
Would be nice if there is a gift for early server booster haha.
how are we guys doing tonight?!
we getting WL info soon
The discord got hacked got about 50 pings from a bot posting about a surprise mint. They all got in a voice chat to explain what was going on though
Keep grinding you all.
it will be announced soon
daym thats such a high profile sever too
gm everyone in the nft space hyperS
just doing this for support honestly no reward is fine with me
I actually love wyverns lol
Grinding? Its got something to do with level for sure
Oooh look at purple name
Haha I dont know bro. Chillin here till we know more
na just support. Spammers will get banned
Hyxder you level 3 already FLOOOSHED
Boost server yalls pray
Wyverns are dope ngl. Their technically dragons right?
I m just behind him ez
Hyxder is just built different
i have been in some servers with level requirements and people were spamming song lyrics lmao it was wild
yes sometimes you have to lose a life to build one
yea i think we need to leveling
I have no idea how that works new to discord haha
boost server have fun rinse and repeat!
he is built different
Guys a little birdie told me that with 6 boosts we can get a vanity url  can a mod verify this?
Again we are not affiliated with Kaiju but we will reach out to them for possible collab. Watch out for the next sneak peeks the wings of our wyverns will be added soon.
Digitz gang in the house eh?
Thanks. We dont want bots here we want members who engage and support our community instead.
this a good projeect!! Better keep grinding !! Guyssss
we dont care about kaiju we are here for the project D
Definitely exciting to see bro!
Cant wait for the wing haha
its not mandatory and provides no benefits just to clarify simply helps this server gain exclusive perks more people boost the higher the server level the higher the amount of perks
So no more OG but whitelist slot is 1500
its v fun banning spammers ngl
we will GMI because we are very early here
Ahhh gotcha thanks for explaining!
i think this project is a high potential project
6 boosts to level 3 guys boooosttttt.
why they stop OG number on 488?
I think we all have a shot to get WL guys dont be too sad
as soon as i saw the sneak peak i was hooked
Yes sir we will try to collab with other great NFT
12 spots for staff maybe
i have never been so high in ranking like i am right now
yoooo! whats good fam
Chillen in the cave brodie
high quality pixel art  cool concept   good marketing  bangin
i can sense that it will be huge woopwoop
good good pink is the right way to go
lfgggg only 5 boosts till level 3 nowww
im intrigued. cant wait to find out about whitelist
just keep interacting with us and being positive!
make sure to help and welcome new people
and by the time u realise youll make it
Lol thats for being early yeah
These are wyverns not dinos.
where the boost at brother
Ahh the most impossible type of whitelist.
exactly brother hahaha we are here very early mate
just boosted lets get that vanity link!!
anythings possible brother
whats the next tier of perks? emojis n all that?
pepethink i kinda like it
were gonna get to level 3 in less than a day
the OG roll is full ?
We only have 3500 Wyverns that will ever be minted. And holders are also entitled to collaboration and partnership to other blockchain games.
sofire 10  6 starwarspepe 5  4
Heya Els! Love your doodle btw.
it was gone within an hour was for first 500
wowww so limited and special then
thats a solid number to go for
Do we need to do some leveling in here? Hope i got into this earlier!! Joined when its only 900 ppl
You looks sexy in purple
sounds like some big plans going on in the bg excited for roadmap release
PepeClap sounds good ill try to be as helpful as i can
Got one that looks like fatalis? Lollll
catrollypolly cowrollypolly dogrollypolly
i think they said theyre not going for the lvel  WL approach
omg HAHA thats so fast
LFG this gonna be huge!!!
guys purple is a very hot and cool color if u spend 5 u can get it. Deal? 861687613069328394
Hehehe but not early enough for the OG
were all early guys lets be happy for the opportunity PepeHype
its okay guys we are so early that WAGMI
Lol im stoked for more previews
why yall keep calling it purple am i color blind
Noted broo! Cant wait for their announcement abt the WL!! Were gonna make it together!!
cant wait to see more sneak peeks of this art
only 3 people for level 3 lets gooooo. Last 3 of u can rep the first 15 server boosters starwarspepe
i just said the same thing! lmao
All G fam. We got the WLs incoming.
we are going to be whitelisted guys dont worry
lets get that vanity link hype
good good more pink in chat keep boosting
Letsgoooo!! Guys we have Hary Tanoe he can help with this projects marketing!!! LOLOL
did you just roll in without boosting bro wyd man comon bro
onggg f it. 5 reactions and I boost one more time
cant wait for the requirements to get whitelisted
Cant wait to actually see wings on the wyverns yo!
Yup This project gonna to the moon!!! Lets go guys
yesss! we are having fun here hahaha lets get going!
where are you from anw?
How long has this discord been around?
to get the whitelist will be raffle  grind?
unfortunately not but there is still whitelist opportunity soon so stay tuned for that
you going to be a legend ser
they will announce soon
announcement on whitelist will be posted soon
Probably a couple hours? We super early dude
Dragonssssss take over!!!!
yeah just a couple hours things blew up fast already
Yes things are moving quickly
i dont have any boosts left on my nitro
just about an hour right?
deadass like a boost is needed
Ok im going to commit die
  akshually theyre wyverns ahah jkjkj
any idea on how to whitelist?
nah bro whitelist opportunity still comin you good
will announce soon by devs stay tuned
Wyverns needs emojis lol
they will annouce something soon
More info coming soon bro
transfer starwarspepe
ONLY 2 server boosts for level 3 server what yall waiting for?
when the boss announce the new whitelist task?
yeah they will announce soon just be patient
we are waiting for the announcement yeaah
lets boost this server to the moon!!
i thought we get OG roles? p
yooo i didnt know you did nfts the heck!
Hope to be a scholar thouh
open up more ogs AShmm
Nice this cave full of purple
Only the first 500 its full already
ShihTzu can u do the honors of doing the last 2 server boosts till level 3 starwarspepe
og role was only for first 500 people that joined! Whitelist opportunity still not announced
Ye bro I started a month ago
No idea dude. Lets chill here while we wait for it
Wheres everyone from?
Huy  Beef or Chicken Pho?
OG is full but hopefully they increase the number of OG listed into 1000 hahaha
damn good shit man glad you in here kinglove
we got level 3 guys lets goooooo
This project looks dope
i started early september
Oops my bad i tot wyvern is a type of dragon. Did a research and its actually from a different mythology!! Lol!! Wyverns take over!!!!
thanks Vince Euris  for the end 3
beef or meatball for sure
Wyverns looking mighty fineee
The classic!  But the answer is Wyvern pho!
hopefully mate hahaha
Beef all the way brooo. Didnt even know they do chicken pho? Haha
Oh  nice very good. Shoes are dead
Chicken Pho is great as well!
Chicken pho is alright but its beef all the way for me
Oh yes! Server boosters are pink now!
Chicken is good also you should try it
lets go we hit level 3!!!!!
lfgggg I m rank 1 in the server
so fast its 1k already
Look at all the loyal boosters! Lol
Were all excited to be here haha
ppl are coming for that rank my man
that was cap MachoFroge
Hyxder how u feelin bro?
If ae boost we get in?
I will not let it go easily
We gotta kick some bots off og list so I can make room
Hyxder and suhaan fighting for rank 1 lmao
hopefully lol I boosted
godspeed my man type fast and true
This isnt even my final Degen form
hopefully we are going to make it !
not sure yet but it sure is good to see the vanity link
No we support we boost
hahahahaha I got this. Professional degenerate
yessir im slow for the og
thats cuz it went so quick
Same but well get our chance!
yess! where are you from bro?
how are you guys? I was 1000 late. lol
ShihTzu I was like the 600th member any WL love for ppl who just missed the cut?
i declare you my og fren from now on within this server we HODLing together
be active D whitelist announcement coming soon
Theyre making an announcement about whitelist at some point
WL Yes stay tuned. OG No
Yes Hahahaha. got one too bro?
Raining where yall are at?
lets get it everyone hyperblob
yesss we are waiting for the whitelisting announcement
were manually checking still. we might add more OGs tomorrow.
same king we gon hodl 4 life.
whitelist announcement coming soon
the chat is runnning so wild
Thats what I like to hear LFG
Anyone else been in the CyberLions chat? Absolute crazy things happening there
That would be dope bro I think 750 would be the perfect number
love the name wyverns remember fire emblem on nintendo
Dodgy things happening there
yes please especially twitter followers
Are we the first Wyvern project?
uh no I m not in 750 so no way jose. Top 1k pls ahahahahahha top 750 sounds good. Will be happy for u if u get it
wyverns is a good name pepeclap
perhaps 1 rank on discord gets og maybe idk maybe kekleo
i quitted the server haha
I think so mate yeah hard to tell
i love the art lol hope devs give more sneak peek praygeOK
its insane and hearing it make it more sick
That would be awesome lol
Same man Im good enough at losing my own money dont need anyone stealing it from me
nooooooooo he just overtook me. I dont like life rn
number 1 is a grind and i respect whoever gets that
Might have to turn up degen levels now there there is more hope
degen levels at an all time high
ive heard your names many times bro
and a battle ahhaah gotta compete with other hard chatters
No I read about it but never got in. Same thing there?
Hyxder and me both get og
yeah its  not easy for sure haha
hi sir MagnusDrake is there possible
people join later than me like 15 minutes later get OG ?
yes suhaan with me or idw it cooldance
i mean are you influencer mate?
Man too many projects like that now smh
Open the whitlist!!!!
samspc u have to believe
then i must be wrong hahaha sorry mate
30U30 so hes doing something right hahaha
announcement coming soon
devs will announce stay tuned
be active send gifs and enjoy. Announcement soon
yeah especially hype projects lol they took around 80e away
I dont think its possible but they wrote that theres 1500 WL spots up for grabs after OG
i should be in the first 500 sir
right? it is him right? hahaha
but if you check at newwyverns
there is people join after me like 15 minutes but they have OG role hahaha
I need the announcement to come sooner
welcome guys to get whitelist make sure to stay active and wait for announcement
they just launched the whole discord like 2 hrs ago bro
it will come dw patience  engagement is key
Lol yes sir maybe i should change my pfp
Whats a mf gotta do around here to get on that wl? Who I gotta kiss?
exactly like patience child Troverse
Same with me but yeah at worst 1500 seems plenty to be achieved
Lol discord is starting to pop
more and more members coming in hyperS
Hes gonna have to increase the cooldown soon lol
come on come on we are wwaiting
watch this hit 20k members tmr
glad to see everyone here
Pop to the point we cant even read lol
defs this server will pop off like a frog in a foreskin
just remember we have 1187 members rn in 2 hours probbaly gonna have 20k30k by public release
ShihTzu me and Hyxder get og and u get 2 active members. Deal?
Ok stay server booster Ill go get whitlisted
ErniETH hello sir how do you do
discord gaining some traction now!
whats a wyverns anyway?
Im well nice seeing you here! Hows your day going?
wondering where everyone heard of this project?
Excellent thanks for asking sir
Sounds good to me but chat might get scary fast Kek
saw it by chance in a shill channel ahahaha
800 discord members in just under an hour!! This is insane!
OG roles have been filled. Whitelist details to follow.
No invite competitions for this one.
Of course! Happy to hear youre doing well
100k dream bigger dreams?
itll blow through that i reckon at this rate twitter engagement is nutty rn
500 OGs 1200 members but Twitter looks sad at 200 dont forget to follow Twitter guys
hahaha yessss we are waiting sir
we gotta shill this everywhere this is going to be big
i dont think you get what he means brother hahaha
Erni whats Ethereum? Lol
my friend sent me the invite hehe
Dont forget to follow twitter guys
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
I dont know if the team expected things to go this fast either cuz gah damn more popping than servers that have been here for a while now kek
i know sir im just joking sir
look at this sir i should be OG if a person below me is OG hahah
Ethereum is something I dont have enough of
1200 members in here but only 226 followers we can do better than that follow up!
hahhaa anw nice to meet you!
i want 1000 OG though  ahhaha
I felt this in my core lol
GAW DAYM its flown past some servers ive been in for a coupel weeks
how did Kaijus do there og
Yeah everyone go follow the Twitter account! Criminally low right now
WilliamGM luckykid suhaan
glad to have yall here guys
what can i say people love pixel art high quality ofc
Thats a mistake the person who should actually be og is me
what wouyld it be im so exccited
ofc sir we never leave
big kong energy indeed
Were all OG at heart even if we didnt get the role
oh hell ye baby level 4 pray
we are very excited here hahaha
we do love the pixels cooldance
lets manifets it mate
Speak it into existence!
are you guys all related
  kisses all round for the homies
yes i am the father of all these members suhaan is my wife
if suhaan is ur wife then im ur husband
congrats you two cuties
Whats the criteria for WL
Awaiting announcements
Space apes flooding in pixel love
Im og at heart but everyone else isnt
Can I be your child PES2HmmmmPray
Huy is my favourite child
how many will we be able to mint per wallet?
Going crazy here haha
second can i be the distant uncle you see once a year at christmas
no clue details not announced yet
Hi good evening fellas
dev said there will be a total of 3500 so 1 per wallet would make sense
Yeah the math adds up there
My man!! I slept in on my one day off this week and missed out on early wl.  Gonna kiss the dev if hell let me for a wl.  Lmao
na that guy seems like a pedofile
Oh i missed something huh
Make sure you follow Twitter  server boost if you new in here
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Was there a reward for early boosters?
Guys chill and relax and we will get you posted as always
check always the announcements giveaways faqs
Were Glad to have you here! To the MOON!
pepeCD 861689696027672586 PeepoClap
Remember 1 BREATH  1 BREATH
in the faqs it shows 2nd or 3rd week of november
nah we just like da pink flushed
guess ill ditch that venture yikes
I like it the frey is a a little
so far the OGs have been filled. Please check giveaways other spots. No invite competition will be made because we dont want to pamper our numbers. We like real community.
Be careful guys if you do not server boost you might not make it
So basically gonna be impossible
With that attitude maybe. You gotta believe!
still have a chance ser
Can you make italiano chat mamma mia
Hello happy to be here. Bummed I missed first 500 role. Snoozin lol
wuuhuuu we are going to make it
Real community is the way to go. Let the project speak for itself
Whats the plan? These wyverns
Im not gonna keep tryna win giveaways to lose
Make sure you turn off DMs from this server team wont contact you via DMs and it will save you from malicious scam DMs
I think there is still a chance for all of us
Good luck to you too fellow Space Apes!
Too many 100K member projs not even selling out lol
Wild isnt it? ETH prices didnt help for a bit there
Its the only way we know how to rock! Organic shit
yeah totally agree with this.
if these get to public sale its gonna be a big big big boy gas war
These wyverns lookin real spicy
finally no invite competition bots!
Can I send naked ladies in this server?
yessir purple gang wya??
MagnusDrake can you give us early people a better chance then giveaway
i think all should be done by WL
Bruh fr. 100k discord with 5k twitter is dumb af lol
They reserve half mint for public and half for WL
im cool with that people that join same day as public sale and act entitled wont be though Kek
how do i get whitelisted bro?
devs will announce soon
ShihTzu for most of us the giveaway isnt big enough of a chance can you do something else
Some spicy chicken ancestors fs
I bet they go with the raffle  all whitelist route. No one cares for gaswars anymore these days
I like that too. Avoid gas wars also
More and more boosters by the minute
Boosted the server  love the look of this
yes well announce something in a few hours.
Hahahaha no discord is safe from the mcchicken convo
this is eth project am i right?
so can me and my wifey Hyxder get WL starwarspepe
Get that name even longer with Wyvern maybe
ayeeee so any admins here are now here
yeah have to be careful to choose the project wisely nowdays.
Ive decided to support this project so Imma be here fam! All day errday
someone said kaijus from wish
welcome everyone waves
I feel like we are the early people even if we are not og
how to boost this server to get level 3?
organic speak it self
gas wars suck fosho i dont mind if its a really hyped project though but my TXN always seems to get lost in the mf metaverse on public sales sad
Doing good fam!!! hbu?? Are we early?
talking in this channel and chinese channel to get them mf levels
WGMI!!! we are early YES
early people will still have advantage. Always check announcements for future WL updates. For now just sit back chill and enjoy the community we have. We dont want bots here we are doing the best that we can to remove all of them.
has anyone heard of teh snail conundrum?
you can say same thing bout kaijus being kongz from wish  ppl needa chill love both projects
Me too dude. i cant compete on those gas wars fr. Id rather sleep on a project then have to participate gas wars. Or atleast just grab the floor
we want some announcment yes
Love that.. I know its hard.. I just missed the OG role for Bear X.. was there for the whole 10 days entered all the comps thousands of messages and community building never got noticed. I dont know if I have it in me again
we gotchu. were rewarding active members also. just need to be patient. i have the mods listing those who are genuinely helping each other here in discord.
861688761661652992 7  2
gotta grind whatever whitelist requirements coming up and you should be good fam
Just chill for now dude. Mangus said info coming in a few hours
oh lets go purpel gangs this tells me something right
Same.  Its a big turn off
yeah its not a nice feeling haha
its only been 2 hours since you guys launched you guys are doing great dont feel rushed!
Ok wow you guys are responsive and seem really chill
Love a responsive dev team
Wow ok thanks for the opportunity for all of us
Thats the way to go buddy. I have a good feeling Imma be seeing alot of you here. Lets do this together fam
love the direction the devs are going for discord growth. Organic growth still speak for itself bet this will gain traction just from word of mouth.
any news on other wl opportunities?
Welcome man! Glad to have you here
I love this stage of the projects when the roots are growing to build the base
I boost servers I intend to diamond hand les go
community is everything. aside from the awesome utility of course.
Can already tell devs are topnotch
no cap best of luck to you bro
Oh no!! Hope its nothing too bad. Lol
looking forward to the roadmap
Good move to not do invite competition
Super responsive very helpful and active. Such a great start imo
roadmap 1.0 already posted
agreed. brings in way too many bots
Not yet but theyre coming!
lezgo bro my friends here are OG i dont know how
ah youre a sweetheart
when owners have that kind of mentality its clear project will go far pray
Dont forget some badass looking Wyverns my dude!
I did a j4j for the first time last week.  Felt soooo dirty afterwards.
You got me bro excited af
I would suggest only one rule for the WL you cannot get it if you come into chat and say wen WL
so am I listed in one of the helpful members EYEFLIP
damn they musta been hella early! i missed it by a couple hundred
Dont sell this awesome artwork short either!
Been waiting to get on a good staking project frens! So glad Im in early! SO to Swagger  for bringing me into the fam!
We see vibes like that the community supports it like its their baby!
this will be one of the top tier ones good you in early!
you havent seen nothing yet. thats just the base model.
Well get notified just chill and wait for news but a bit encouragement there will be 1500 WL slots
love to have a jungle freak on board!
Ok guys I guess check announcements
Ehhh hows it going friend of a friend?
i dont know either haha they are all OG most of the projects hahaha
we need wyverns stickers!!!
did the twitter giveaway! MagnusDrake hahah what else bro ill do anything
great news. thanks for the info
when people like the base model they will love the 11 legendaries
this is going to be an amazing staking project I hope we can get in together!
guys make sure to keep spreading positivity in the chat and have meaningful interactions with others always!
The giveaways is the only way for a whitlist at the moment every one
We dont want 100k people in discord and ending up not minting on launch day. We are hands on and will make sure that active members gets rewarded. LFG Wyverns!
Damn wish you were earlier I might made it daddy
Your freak looks fire with dem goggles yo.
yeah fr i been in too many projects that just be telling their members to delist and shit all that time and not doing something that actually boasts organic growth feels refreshing
This is some serious alpha guys dont miss it
ErniETH hey frens!! Glad to be here and plan on staying until I get my toddler this afternoon
at least 5k by tomorrow it seems
thats good respect that
Great thinking as well not teasing too many legendary from get go
Thanks brother! Got lucky with the Freaks!
am sorry fren i tried 2979pepesad
how about 10k? hahaha
Damn bruh stop teasin us! Haha.
Everybody who wants to know about whitlist. Og list is closed and announcements will have info regarding future whitlist
861688761661652992 3
and first 1k whitelist?
Good luck to everyone and welcome to all who just joined
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
ive boosted cosmic wyverns but still not lvl 3 can i get a help? lolol
scared of sleeping might miss a big event
calling all boosy bois
do bossting insta level 3?
very good chance I will be sleeping when WL is announced
booster level 3? nitro
first 200 followers to OG pls!
nah boosting has no direct benefit within the server just for people that want to show support more
remember 1 BREATH  1 BREATH
Lmao.  Thats me when I decide to sleep in one day outta the week.
same lul its always the way
yes please first 999 also can
same lul thats always how it is
no first 13 of the total nfts
now that is a cute one
I think you mean LV3 of the server
Fr fr. Plus theres a WL spot giveaway on there yo guys! Dont sleep on that. 10spots to be given away
No problem bro gotta look out for the boys lol
ok how about all pre sale
you know they making pokemon REAL
Have yall listened to imagine dragons? yes a joke is incoming
Demons is their best song
oh yeah first thing i rtd  need the wyverns at all cost
listening to some rb and chilling in this chat is a vibe
They better have a 1of1 Charizard yo!! Haha
Still rank 11 need top 10
I want a cosmic Wyvern
imagine draggin these nuts across ur face 18thoughts
HAHAHHAAH i miss too much after i sleep
I will disown you if you are not top 10
Hello fren! Congrats on OG role!
yupp level 3 of the server how to check that? not personal level on !rank
Ill do a lot of weird things for an og role....
how about og on followers then haha
The artwork reminds me of kaiju haha
Im happy to know about this project sad to have missed og
Yooo welcome new frens
Dont worry about that too much man. Enjoy yourself and in no time youll be top 5 I bet
Youre still early brother!
dont be scared its all going to be good
youre right top 5 before I know it
Kaiju GalacticApes Swampverse lots use this art style from CyberKongz
btw I m gonna sleep in a few hours will I miss it?
its alright bro have a positive attitude. The dev feels really genuine and he will defo look out for the community.
im coming for your spot!
We still very early dude! Wont hurt if u sleep for a few hours haha
So who made profits this week
Oh yeah I think we all got it but sad for right now. This dev team is really cool
niceee thanks alott! but how to know?
one of the best art styles prayge
These dragons slay Kaiju
na Hyxder has got that in the bag once I m sleeping
Did know they were there bro
The dev team comforted me
thank you for staying active
hahaha I know hes right on your tail!
aye I remember u from ethernals
I love Kaijus too we can both do well fosho
Thts ok youll make it
I feel safe in the arms of the cosmic wyverns they are warm and comfortable
This project looks dope
LOL yeah i didnt mint those was not good
it do be like that tho
OG Roles Post your wallet eth address hogwalletswallets . Only Post once. We will remove OG roles who will post twice. We will also remove OG roles for those who will not post their address within 24 hours to give the spot to others who came early. Thank you.
Anyone who has any questions check announcements
who doesnt tho . I I hv to go guys ttyl later. Hv fun
pixel art is the new wave
Anyone who has big questions ask Tintin
U at the top bro. Wont hurt at all if u get swooped a couple guys. More than enough WL for all of us who is active right here my man
GG brooo! helloooooo again!
Pray all the ogs are bots and forget to do it
still v early my g opportunites are yet to come
Is breeding a part of roadmap too? pepethink
Click on the server name as you about to boost it youll see
Hyxder make sure to grab my no.1 spot someone else shud not take it bro
noted thank you broski
First 2000 members should be OG hehehe
probably first 1k is reasonable isnt
ppl who had their eyes on teh ball snagged the OG spot good on them
Bro I got into this discord an hour before you did hahahaha
very early right now bro give the devs and mods time! Be positive and YGMI.
New PFP my Wyvern fam! Updating Twitter too  gonna rock this!
First 2000 should be OG and WL
bahahaha thats funny still tho the welcome still applies
i want to have my wyvern sex suhaans
First 3500 should be og bruhkek
not me unfortunately
I never been an og to any project always missed out like an inch
Bruh open the whitlist lol
Yoooo! Thatd be doooope
wait where is the roadmap pepethink
I feel it i missed og by like 100
Damn was late for OG role
roadmap is posted but i still nt wl
where the roadmap i cant see it
 861688761661652992 ClapClap BlobbleWobble
How do you guys find projects so early thoo
ah mustve not posted yet
how did ppl come later than me get OG role?
Well i think we need to accept it guys  Congrats to all guys who got the OG Role!  we have to honor their Rules lets just look out for giveaways  announcements   I am sure that their main intention is to have a strong community.
Relax bro its incoming
. We gonna chill till then
i dont see anything there yet
roadmap looks yummy pepeclap
try restarting discord
the OG role color so cool
Reporting you to the authorities for trolling
Check roadmap for answers
270 follower on twitter should get WL Tintin lololol
I hope breath comes with mint ayoooo cuz what that mouth do
 Fill whitelist roles  lemme help u with that
was it first 800 to get OG?
Roadmap 1.0 is posted.
hey bro cliff hanger time
Thought because of twitter announcement
We cannot see the roadmap in roadmap fren its empty channel
You edited the pic? Lol nice
i cant see the roadmap
A little juice you know? Lol!
U didnt oicked the access maybe
oh weird i cant see the roadmap for some reason can someone post screenshot or smth
i cant see it either thats strange
i made sure i clicked it
if we can see the roadmap can we get wl
post mint sounds spicy!! hyped asf
Cant wait for the utilities to be officially announced
Sorry I will check it out Guys!
hello broski! welcome to the cosmic wyverns!
LOVE the donation to shelters!! Heres my shelter pup!
I need to be confirmed whitlist
Hyxder do a hard shut down on discord and then you can see roadmap
Bro why like 10 of us have the same Darth Vader fat apes pfp
oh bet danke i try that
oh hes a cutie! bet hes living his best life with u
Im gonna die from excitement wish I didnt have a gf otherwise I wouldve been here
pepengmalupit can u check it for me
thanks to Rechinball for the invite here loving the vibe
np worked for me after i closed in task manager
same haha where is it
I have a shelter pup as well! Adoption is the way to go
yo anyone want xbox game pass discord gave one but i dont use xbox
3CQXMR92CH3P6XQK6DRR2JKQZ
i like that there is no invite bullshit going on
beautiful love that theyre donating to shelters!
Mr. AK Heiwa hes a wonderful little guy! Ate a lot of my stuff but hes living a good life now!
If you cant see roadmap please restart discord that should fix it!
Its looking awesome bro!!
did we just miss OGs?
ooh that gonna go QUICK
fresh roadmap guys lfg we readyy
Tintin can i know why those 5 below me got chosen instead of me?
Here is it guys.  roadmap
861689696027672586 4  4
looks like it mate! that couch looks pretty good to me
hope so i have no need for it
Looking forward to BREATH utilities
Close out of discord reopen roadmap will be there
Hahah hes moved to his own bed now! A little bit of a shedder lol
Close your discord in task manager and then re open to see roadmap if you cant see it now
probably wait for the next announcements theyre finalizing things
doin good ratirlChill
the sentence  1 BREATH  1 BREATH will save a lot of asses XD
click ctrl  R to reload discord if you cannot see roadmap
all G up in here man!
Good hows the weather yall
its actually sunny for once
Hyxder coming for your number 1 spot
how come no mods or admin answering me
hold onto that spot tight
what is your question fren
nice day to be out and about then take your puppers for a walk haha
i posted a lot of time
wait wheres the roadmap am i blind?
When did this server start?
ask away friend. we might be able to help
if you post again i can answer probably
i think he joined before some OG members but didnt get the role
no more then 45 hours now I think. very very early dude
just need you to sleep for a few hours lol
anything I can help you with? Mods are very busy and have been active. Discord just experiencing a lot of fast growth haha
why so many ppl after me got OG role but not me
ohh yeah you have to talk to an admin or mod specifically but they will get you your role back as longa s you joined early dw
where do i see the roadmap? wanna read
Super early! Nice to get in fast!
Yea im sure theyll see it
roadmap you can read it here
not announced yet but will soon! stay tuned to announcements faqs
Lol first message in discord be like  how wl
announcement coming soon!
Only OG roles given no WL info yet
on the roadmap channel buddy roadmap
lol gotta get that WL bro
Crowds getting bigger eyyy
I think they are still fixing it
No grace but speaks his mind I guess? Lol
oh some ppl find it empty for some reason. admins checkin on it rn
Indeed  but I have a mountain of work and a toddler to pickup in about 4 hours lol!
Were working on it i will forward it to the devs
 4 861689696027672586 861687609591726090
i see i thought u guys are seeing something im not
ctrl r on discord should work
go react my epic fanart
brah what kind of fan art is that xD
praying for you GK00 prayge
Everyones excited with sick arts
ah you got a handful of a day it seems haha. respect that you still find time to support the wyverns bud! I bet Ill be seeing alot of you around here
you will get it dw team looks out for members
ohh am i too late for OG?
i hope you like my art
are we going to get any more sneak peeks today? I cant wait to see more art
this is an error the ones below you that are blue have joined earlier got kicked by bot because of inactivity for a certain period then rejoined.
Oh yeah! I WFH and am at my computer at least 10hrsday during the week. Have my daughter 50 so get a breather every now and then
more opportunites to come
I hope you get what you deserve fam!
they gave someone role back just an hr ago that was supposed to get but bot messed up they fr good
Seems some of OG that got in later are rejoiner
damn missed it by a hair
If Im not mistaken is this Indonesia NFT ECHO
well grind my bones into dust
a necessity worth the effort
Very nice roadmap guys !!
YUP YUP thats rightt!!! hello in here ser!
the token sounds sick!
wassup fam how are you
just wait till utilities get announced
c r u c i a l tbh lol
Promoting this project to the moon
Thats dope man 1 monitor to work 1 for discord lol
roadmap 1.0. there are a lot were still not revealing. not showing our hands this early.
 10  5 861689696027672586 3  2 hehe 2
nice man looking good!
3 monitors lol!! My neck hurts at end of day!
this guy knows how to build hype
cant wait for utility!
Thats what Im looking forward to
LFG!!!!!!!!!  roadmap
Make sure you follow Twitter  Server Boost if you can!
861689696027672586 3
Nice excited to find out whats next
underpromise overdeliver gangg
Bring out that fatalis
 2 861688761661652992
or overpromise overdeliver gang!!
Hyxder can we make babies
humble flex the way to go
Yo this project has awesome devs!!!!!!!
humble flex!!!! letsgooo
dont worry youre after
yes of course please speak to my secretary to arrange sex appointments
Making babies I hear?!?
Lol you guys are wild in here
GK00 checked those under you. They joined the server a bit earlier.
we are excited for breeding utility!
you got it scheduling my appointment now
Hows everyon doin!!!!!
Hey mate nice to see u here
Do u knw how to get wl in this ?
Cheers mate looking forward to it
baby wyverns would look cute fr fr
All good u from phils?
baby wyverns gonna be so cute
just be patient they will announce something about WL soon
Only giveaways  one for now
so all of them somehow joined 12.24 got kicked.. and all rejoined back same time?
hey Sarkar! good to see you buddy. no WL infos yet. but mods already confirmed there will be no invite contest. So just chill and be active buddy. they say will release more info in a few hours
so will there be other chances of getting the OG title?
So where is everyone from? US  Virginia here
Smaug Alduin Drogon Fatalis If you know then you know lolllll
yeah make sure you guys follow twitter and enter giveaways second opportuntiy to get whitelist so far apart from the pending whitelist announcement!
or just other chances for other giveaways?
Wowww thats amazing my brooo
Im from the US as well
Where my Canada mans at
yea man lets chill here! while we wait for our beloved Bear haha
Im here! Be back in an hour
Excited about thi project
apparently so. we have them in keen surveillance though. thanks for bringing this out
thanks for the welcome Brother 0
welcome all new Wyverns!
How bear x? U wl there?
Investigation underway
hopefully u guys got 2FA ready for the whole team! dont want anymore mess in this space
Yall need any help? Lol
yes for sure  we need to have proper security in the channel ahhaha
yeah unfortunate what happened to bear x but its made everyone aware of the risk involved of not securing discord
just report anything that triggers your sus meters. well look into it
Hi sir i sincerely hope you can consider some perks for the 25 boosters that have helped bring the server to level 3 for the community on day 1 itself
no luckily I knw better
Awkakkakakaka wrong language
ok.. gutted to have missed out but oh well
The Bear X situation is just sad how did they not have property security on that big of a project
Will join here tomo broo
Today m damn tired coz of tht all stuff !!
Didnt even sleep a bit !!
Need some sleep my bro plz share all the updates with we my frnd
yes Borhter OG was for fist 500
Hello my fellow rpg freak
well have something for the server boosters. dont worry.
but dont expect its a guaranteed thing.
 7 100 2 861689696027672586 2
Yes Og is complete but stick around for a chance at WL
Im not lucky with bearx hahaha.
Nice good for u..but u part of that server?
Seen a few freaks lurking around
lovin this!! hahaha glad I boosted right after I joined the server
yes am WL there  turned out to be a disaster tho sadly
yeap bunch of us freaks out there hahhaha
anything is appreciated! lets gooooooo! tqtqtq
Thank you kind sir and understand   We all love the team the project and the community. Super excited to be on the journey with you all
Hope they can return money of investor..
lets hope so... but really dnt understand how they can get scammed aft HUNDREDS of pings
Yup I always boos the server which I like most
Hi Fren! roadmap just released check it out!
Everyone give a round of applause for ShihTzu
yes Brohter!! always helpful in all the servers ur in
In light of the recent hacks we are fully wary of those that we give roles to. First of all we got an awesome dev that ensures that these scams and hacks are lessened. The admins know each other personally and we will be handpicking the mods and carefully reviewing their access on this server. We have learned from the mistakes of previous projects and wont let this happen on our server.
 9 861689696027672586 3
Lots of hyped project get hack.. maskbyte was the first one
Welcome! Check out faqs and roadmap
Whats good?! Youre early!
yes and its looking SICK!!
AwatK yeap hahaha that was pretty bad... how r they recoverin?
Ive learned that I am og
861688761661652992 2
no worries buddy! go and take a rest man. been a long day for us. sure sure friend me up
wait ur not OG? hahaha
hey I m back had to take a dinnger break
Yeah see I learned that but it may not be true
M damn excited for this project now
good to know man. too many shady shit goin on we need to be extra extra careful
welcome back my friend
hahaha nice ape ur coppin there
hello! welcome to the cave
This should definitely be pinned  part of faqs ! Super relieved to read this and unfortunate for other projects but good for this one!
nice! its really concerning with the recent hacks going on
Always be careful. We will not post any stealth launch.
861688761661652992 3 861689696027672586 2
Thanks its mine but I want a cosmic wyvern instead
N they are also thinking for the boosted ones !!
agree wyvern is the way to go
Lmfao!!!!! Burnnnn at cosmic lions or whatever
really like this project will be straight on pushing for WL when its available
nice thats what I had last night lol
YES! pls dont get hacked
lmao that ship went down fast!
Love this transparency
Its clearly a next alpha
glad to see Hyxder took my spot 1
As soon as wyverns turned up the lions started to run
if you guys get any random messages from someone pretending to be dev do not interact with it!!! they will never message you like that
cyber lions right? that one was VERY bad
please post this in announcements everyone needs to hear this
Now hes gotta HOLD it
yall be dukin it at for no 1 all this time ey haha
very excited to see more previews of the artwork something about it is so nostalgic to me heart2
Lol the stealth launch scams are the most convincing
please read this guys!! jst today there were more than 4 projects geting hijacked
this should be pinned tbh. thank you for letting us know in advance thou
kaiju started the trend lol
hopefully no scam scam around here
trust the Devs knw what they are doin  lets stick w the project
ShihTzu will we be getting more sneak peeks today?
i am sure there will be people trying to scam but the best we can do is educate everyone and prevent it
we put our trust on the team tht they have setup good preventive measures!
If you guys have questions our moderators are always there to assist you. For now just chill and enjoy the ride. Breeeeeeaaaaaattthhhhh!!
breathhh innnn  breathhhh outtt.
we have an internal membership trigger for the next sneak peek.
861689696027672586 2
Always here to assist them all
do wyverns breath fire??
Sweet! cant wait to see the next one thank you!
Hmm cant see roadmap in roadmap. Im verified.
some ppl cant seem to see the roadmap for some reason
i frogot i have leftover shawarma ive never been happier
we gonna hold our breath for sure for the next announcements
that sounds so good right now
the best feeling is when you find out you got leftover food! especially when super hungry haha
lets do so!! hold ur breath!!
Yeah sadly lol missed thay
i am very hungry bruh
but i will die if i do it
best bet how many members tmr? im saying around 5k at least
apparently they breath LASERRR
i dont care you are my best member sweetie
hope first 1k can get WL we gonna go harm and promote
nice dodowyvern you got there haha
hahahah so true  but then again WYVERNS ARE TO DIE FOR!!
lmao whats a dodowyvern
We will look forward on it.
the thing you sent is from the game ARK
I think space apes started it first !! But they are delaying to launch thr token
But for now the first 500 og got the WL
Lets go first 1k WL YEAH??
ooo ok I think I heard of it somewhere haha
me when i eat burrito with chili
but to be fair space apes got their shit tgt.. they had instant reveal
nothing is set in stone these are just ideas! Love that the mods are being very receptive to suggestions
haha good one! muy calienteee
First 500 twitter followers get WL?
airfryers are the best invention
wow so many people it was just under 1k before i go
lol no dude. If only it were that easy
how fast could it be damn
This one looks promising simple road map not promised us the world
Omg that makes me so hungry RN. I would have some Chinese but my beloved shelter dog ate it all! Living his best life being TOO well fed loL!
Rewards those who are in early
people see wyvern they go crazy
thats the point u see they dont do inv contest but people keep comin in
Yup but tbh m bullish on space apes
give me free membership and i will be you internet egirl forever
more influencers gonna jump in for real for real
1st 500 inside discord my dude. and its full already.
oh man send me your paypal ill help you get a fresh meal for you and doggo
im trying to invite friendsbut cant seem to make an invite
Jump on boosting this project LFG
And now first 500 on twitter. Simple
me too hahaha u holdin some?
yea its not gonna happen haha
yeah not sure how they would do first 500 on twitter would make things really confusing
Well then love the optimism already lol
within 24 hours this will get at least 56k at least watch watch
I alrd followed twitter.. so lets hope this is correct!
exactly. gotta be realstic right
why cant i see the roadmap
canconfirm the shawarma is in the airfryer
reload your discord! ctrl  r
can i air fry my hand
Wyvern Master is typing at the announcement
How do i know if one of the OG?  i did not make at 500 i think but my name was blue on the Newwyverns page but my name here is not blue then it was gone later?   I thought i was an OG
Its late here good night everyove. Dont forget to kiss your parents gn
kinda late for me so gon sleep ahead  see ya guys tomorrow!! lovin the vybe!
Love the devs mentality
good night buddy! have a good rest
got dat lamb fo today
time to grind for a whitelist
Nice to see the acknowledgment of non stealth launch. Gotta be careful after yesterday
you were too late man
btw guys just want to remind you SINCE DEV HAS CLEARLY MENTIONED THE LIMITATIONS
please dont fall onto scams. anyone who falls into scams ITS YOUR OWN FAULT
Announcement should help some new people thanks for posting that!
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
Discord server just launched!
Get in now! First 500 gets OG role!
I hope all the Dev team and mods have two factor authentication on
never done that in a while for a project but this seems worth it
Man I see that you are Indonesian am I correct? Send you friend request
Sup sup everyone! yes leggo wgmi
yes Brother  will accept it for sure
Read the FAQ glad to see the team is aware of recent seucirty issues
Thank you my kind friend you too
Where do you see that? Hypeeee
all 305 twitter follower got WL
ayo that do be fire tho
And Divine Anarchy both hacked last night but BearX was sooooo bad
this is not a rug peeeepss!!!!!!!!
Any admins here? DM me
was jokin bro u doin great
checking this now my guy
Yup lots out there getting hacked stay safe
the art reminds me somewhat of kaiju kingz
a lot of my friends didnt believe me lol
Appreciate ur consideration for the first 1000 OG Master
If you got a sec DM me Ill add ya
btw will active ppl get awarded?
nah im not blue here i might as well wait for the WL events no probs
can i sell my wyverns on stockx?
FR first it was DMs now full discords getting hacked. Its nuts
good luck to everyone make sure to stay as engaging as possible whitelist announcement has not been made yet so stay tuned for that!
make it 1500 !! hahhaha
Bro youre the last person people should listen to smh
oh my god i hate when the tv cannot connect to wifi holy shit retyping with the remote is annoying
Dont forget to follow the Twitter account!
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Im excited for the Events
Whats the story on that
From what Ive seen so far mod team and devs just need to stay away from random linksnitro drops and verify that the person they are dming is not an imposter mod
its so cool ... i want one of these cosmic wyverns
Wonder what the WL requirements will be
we crossed checked all the members who got in first. The bot had errors in assigning the it so we have to do it manually. Please see announcements. Thank you.
JayK  yoo hello fellow Kaiju holder...
everyone make sure u put notifications on for the twitter!
Damn we got ryandcrypto in the house
ShihTzu appreciate the transparency boss!!
yeap sent a DM to him and HE LISTENS!!
you were late to the party my guy
my man here is a big influencer surely first 1k people OG is reasonable isnt bro kevinsusanto ?
dont give out whitelist when im asleep lol
has that been announced?
It was first 500 right?
so late for the party!!!
Yeah Ive heard that too but BearX didnt use 2step verification so issues
Gonna get CryptoGorilla in here
a project like this dont need influencers lol
the party hasnt even started dw
Dont worry sooner or later  the wyvern master will announce the WL requirements
If you are looking for more mods me and my friend are interested and weve modded on a good amount of projects and have references. Prayge ShihTzu
can we do 1500?? please
Oof thats a lot of work thanks for your efforts!
when new wl requirments
Cool. Just happy to be in semi early!
Just gotta be active  potentially something for us boosters
btw ShihTzu we got ryandcrypto might want to hook him up in d project. the guys a legend
we have 1500 whitelist spots to be given away soon. just need to be patient.  we dont want this to run by hype only. we want a real community
got it thanks rank 2 in the server so hopeful
hey ShihTzu how can i get in touch with you the team directly
you pointed me to an empty FAQ bro lmao
gotchu my guy good organic growth
and we dont need influencers imo
Take it easy bro. We aree just getting started
i can see it idk why you cant
I wish theres no Invite contest  levelup ranking contest....
Ill be on until I get my daughter and back when she goes to bed lol
Restart your discord !
nothing like 100 organically grown community
holy so many people now
Oh so I am not included in the whitelist
this is more like it!
thats so damn good most projects run just by paid shill posts
it was less than 400 lmao
Yes and we will exponentially keep on growing
faqs More whitelist details will be announced soon.
probably more requirements? hmm
i can assure you there will be no invite contest.
Bet youre glad you got in early fren!
ShihTzu Got a proposal for you guys sent you an invite request
Glad to hear incredible work guys
This is the wyvern way!
that worked! Thank you
The way of the Wyvern Master
This will help keep our community organic and close PESHeart
Lets go frens! 1500 WL to give out and not even that many members yet! WGMI!
Thats good to hear as Im new to all of this
cheers to many more people ahead of us wine
i hope we can grow  but not too fast
for organic growth this can be considered real fast sheesh
zoomy zoom zoom to the OG spot
hows it going glad i made it here semi early
Welcome! Checkout faqs and roadmap
Bear X had that problemthey grew too fast
I wanted to put that gif ahahhaha
great minds think alike
so hypeeeeed mann! lets goooo hows everyone doing?
I saw people suggesting first 1k OG hope u can get 1 too bro its reasonable i guess
it was all the frustrated people who couldnt get a kaiju pouring in i mean totally expected honestly
I dont know how they hack the tweeter? Maybe inside job
They forgot to take a BREATH
hacked the mods computer
thanks fam! But Im chill so fcukin early rn Ill get a spot one way or another haha just staying and help build the community
what are kaiju? i only can hear wyverns in my ears
Vaansh where r u frm?
I believe the hack happened because one of the bear x mods fell for a discord nitro scam
we dont even have 1500 people in here et
hahhahaha... thats a good one
not sure either. i only know wyverns
Group is growing hella fast
i dont think im the first 1000 to join bruh
But how did they hack tweeter?
oh ok perfect maybe his keyboard bugged
Hope evryone get whitelisted
got the mod to download an exe
By weekend? Maybe sooner???
Wyverns are fkin sick keen on more sneek peaks in the future
frustrated BearX people might ape in here
gotta grind fo that supply really low!
Well i have no idea..but scammers are for real!
i hope i will get a girlfriend sorry wrong chat
OKHotshot.eth NFTherder
.bearXNFTs Discord just got hacked and is sending out fake announcement to a scam mint site  Be careful Spread the message  Live scam active
So Communication is the only way?
excited to see more sneak peaks
Yup should get there pretty easily
is the whitelist here gonna be another bearx with 50k people trying for the same 1030 spots at a time?
yeap hahaha its gon get filled VRY soon tho
We are early hope they consider that
i need to know jpegsfnf girls
So u think its inside job?
yeah its gonna be fast AF
and we are extremely early 9469PepeCowboyShoot
yeah bearX should have closed the server when they hit 10k
First 1k OG verified and 1K General WL sounds like a good plan
More than 1k cant say early
how is your day so far
Awesome roadmap is up!
the most is 15k members
No  it was a reckless MOD who downloaded a malicious file and hacker took over server and sent out stealth mint link
How your day everyone
Keep on breathing Guys!!!
Dont know man..i cant get wl if that happen
Taking a BREATH every now and again
yeap 100 agree with this
They behaved Kinda sus
imagine falling for a nitro emoji exe bruh
Yep happened to a few other servers last night too
Ow you know a lot about tech
this is SO TRUE hahaha
Nope just am on Twitter and Discord nonstop lol
it really be like that
LFGG  purple gang here
Too many bots these days
Can we get some wyverns emojisstickers
im not on twitter never liked it
How can I get OG or WL
guys remember to drink eat and do stuff that every human being does so this message is pretty useless but pls read it anyway
og was for first 500 only whitelist announcement will be posted soon
u gotta brooo. nice place to get nft news
Worse part is that the team of bearx was only gonna earn 130 total eth and now they will hv to reimburse everyone
we kept telling the devs to close it...3700 mints for 80k members is a disaster waiting to happen....
Nice..i was part of the server did not fall for it
yeah ive love to be an OG
wait for the next announcements
i missed the OG for like a 100 haha
scammers the worst mfs
Ok brother im waiting for the whitelist
I guess we are to late
Enjoy life and Breath fresh air
were going ready player one brooo digitally drink eat etc LOLOL
yeah same ehre it was pretty unlucky good that we didnt miss whitelist though
I use it for market sentiment purposes  where the TA will fail you  Twitter is my stopgap
was a really good project sad to see that happening to them sadge
I just want a black one lmao
i feel bad for the dev. never want to see a project fail
Lets just be active and helpful then
Were Wyerns the breathers of fresh air
and if a stealth link is there it is fake boonjipraise
fr was super hyped about it
i want to be digitally hugged   lilpeep heartbroken
anyone heard of cryptolions?
no cap been like 3 hrs since discord made
oh for sure we will get this WL slot
and i still didnt get the OG role lol
And i was still late lmao
very impressive growth already
lmfao fr missed too by like 2 hundo
yes there are alpha groups for this one
you can never sleep when you do nfts
We got this brother. Grateful for the invite!
straight out of bando
thats true lol real addiction
Its hard thats for sure
hows everyone today anyways
Never heard of sleep either
digitally hug u now now cheer up
the bag  dark eye bags
30 boosts already lol
been great expect that i am down 10 grand on crypto today xd
Thats true! Slept at 3am yesterday. And in the morning i missed 3 projects
no i like utility tokens that dont perform
sleep is for the weak tbh!!!! we have eternity to sleep once were dead
gah dayum what time zone are you
HOw come theres 1413 members but only 1300 verified???? Tintin
arent we all arent we all
i like projects that get hacked
no cap been here since 3 hours ago
but now you can have the coolest one
eh thats how it goes bro dont even trip
What do you guys think. 10k by tomorrow?
I thinkrobinhood list around the corner
Nope we all r in the same boat except ogs
Probably higher with exponential growth
yea it is what it is but i am in for the long run so its whatever
Hello excited for this project !!!
Yeah once this hits YT it will explode
Yeah totally agree with u !
hello welcome bro! we are all excited for this project! stay tune on their announcement!
777  SARKAR you are pink
still not sure who to pronounce wyvern. is it whyvern?
that sjust server booster role
Cant wait for new announcement!
u can boost to get pink Brother
your discord in an orange mood xd
Hahah its my UV reducer
Blue light filter be like
aam surprised it translated to your sc
Quietly waiting for the white list
healthy for the eyes! haha
Lets just hope we get into
I feel this way about twitter
still 12 spots for OG role.. pick me
Im in front of my computer 10hrsday  Id be blind without this program
Yeah its very good especially for night time use
You build your own pc?
some are saying its a rug
holy cow that is yellow
yea lets see the negative aspect of these projects is that when the group become so big its impossible to chat because there are all the kidz spamming
Nope  Im a lawyer lol
Hahahhahaha u wish.. they will pick me lol
Greenwich Mean Time is the mean solar time at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich London counted from midnight.
what is the name of the apps ?
u must mean cyber lions right?
can we request devs to add additional channels
honestly its gonna be inevitable later when we get bigger. lets enjoy this peacefulness for now haha
Bahahahah. Me too why Im in NFTland most of the day!!!
yea or we can start now acting as kids
so true  might decide to go into other channels in that case
I boosted the server mate
Do you object to the massive bowl Im about to pack to relieve my glaucoma?
Smartest thjng ash ever did
Yeah thats true! Cant communicate with people and discord starts to freeze too
please dont haha. I already see a few ppl starting  already. with their one word chats lmao
I wonder what they will come up with to incentivize holders. i see they have a token. cool but whats going to prevent people from selling the token? we shall see
so many server booster already
I work in the eye department you want some drops?
Yes sir the redness and pain is incredible
best token ive seen is neo tokyo
one my fave scene most defintely.
very excited yea but i think this is going to be a good one
yeah neo is next level
i mean..uhh..its awful! its awful!
What clown ditches a charmander
Charizzard has been my fav
They working on a lot of things
i hope they come up with something super unique
i thought its Dimethyltryptamine sorry im mild dyslexic lololol
why did i miss out on that
where are u from btw?
yea but i think this project is in good hands i am confident
I had a gameboy pocket Im old and I played the shit outta Pokemon  charizard baby!
what pokimon bro do u play pokemon unite?
i was too late to the boat. i had no idea what was going on
Breathing. How about yourself?
is that the new mobile game
yup like mobile legend
I can see you and I are probably around the same age haha
too hard to tell but from what we have so far it is promising. art is cool too!
man the good old days
i havent heard of unite ngl im waiting for legends arceus
From Bangladesh! Hbu?
Lol then its a good day my friend ! Im doing well trying to figure out what I need to wl
I had the original gameboy too  Tetris was one of hte first games I ever played maybe pong on an atari
Gn all! Catch you all tmr
oh wow im from italy ahah
My first fanart is live
Theyll announce something soon
GL sir hope we can all get WL
we are gonna make it together!!
oh wow 17 years difference
atari pong is a bit older than me then haha
I bet once we hit 1500 something will be announced
New here  whats the word ???
1984 was a great year  I arrived at the very end lol
whitelist announcement still pending stay tuned for that today!
bet so hahaha or even later.. or not at all and they just pick rndom people to grant the WL
Welcome! Checkout faqs and roadmap
we 80s kids the best generation yo! haha
rank 3 now sadge. Gonna get it back ez
yeah youre prob right
I was searching for projects and stumbled upon this one  everything pixelated is doing well rn
The Fish Tank closed off server at 5555 members yesterday and gave everyone WL  never felt so lucky
if u wnt to u cn boost aerver
OG role is for first 500 people which has been filled pink role is just server boosters
u diamond handing too the apes?
pixel art is the way to go yo
Thank you !!!! Excited to be here
Niceee bro! im at 2 rn
oh woww congrats Brother
Heck yes I got in as well
is server booster automatic WLed?
Oh nice! I hope next year i will also be there
Lol i was stoked too sadly missed AMA
Yah bro ... Those two are beauties
Yeah The Last Dragon NFT closed theirs around 6k members very tight community
This da top 10 rn flushed
almost 1500 discord members in less than a day insane!
im holding 2 i really wanna see what will happen on 9th november
I gotchu didnt read it right. nice work
This project looks dope !
Ayo I didnt even know I am top 2
Thanks to you I got in! Swagger  is a legend in the NFT space  definitely deserves WL!
Bro take a break for an hour
its only been a couple of hours insane
off i didnt make it to og rip
yee das why i said you makin moves earlier cooldance
Yes me probably will change our luck
How did you do this ser lol
True less than 12 hours. makes it even more insane!!!
can we ride our wyverns
Hes a good man at the very least!
Chat is wild here lol
someone mentioned u were sooo
I hope to see all these legends in here alot!
I turned up degen levels to maximum
No worries my guy lol
but also wyverns are cool ahah
yeah much less than that!
we vibin in here! so excited for this project! hows it going w u
im digging this one here gentlemen
bet u this is nothin.. gon get evn worse aft this
pray keep goin fren we must hold on to our thrones
so excited for this proejct
Please teach me the degen ways
DMT about to be lit brooo. plus our floors gonna moon
Yup Id not bet against that lol
Hahah! How did you do that??
just a leaderboard for activity in server
nothing really. we just speculating lol
I didnt even know there was rank in here!
When yall thinking for mint like mid Nov? This discords gonna blowww
minted 2 bro! but sold 1 haha. still holding 1
I was rank 1 on swampverse for like 3 days and i took a break for like 5 hours and was 15th lol
Same bro felling excited about this and chilling
man thinks its fun to DM me xD
mee6 can be good he an opp sometimes though
That fellow is quite annoying
nooooo man  im holding both i want that baby apess
aint an opp rn pepesneakyrich
Haha yeah its crazy what can happen if you take a break or fall asleep
i got  the WL for 3 invites only
its impossible to keep rank I believe jst b active and helpful and ull get there
too bad yt cant shut down that bot
do NOT ride the ostrich
brehh u got diamond hands. I need the liquidity so I sold 1. I shouldve bought back when it was around 0.5 haha
anw I think I really need to sleep seeya fuys later
oh shit that is a goose
i really like these pixelated projects but im always late ahah
nah thats a wyvern bruh
cant wait for the WL announcement
I feel that good stuff dude
I think it might be an ostrich?
yea but imo it was a bit risky minting at 0.5 but profit is profit
We all are like this rn!
bearx still got hacked ?
Bro I cant believe people really got scammed like that smh
Yesss sir. The mod for bear x was thirsty for discord nitro and fell for a scam
see you bud have a good night
i wonder what the 11 wyverns gonna look like triplemonkas
rightttt so many too!
yooo Dexter hows ur lab going?
they are gonna be super sick guarenteed! Cant wait to see
Yeah would love to get a sneak peek on those
when someone play island boys songs
nah. they all G. owners took over again. ready to reimburse the ones that got scammed and ready to rebuild. I have faith in Akeem
I am happy at least we can communicate here! In some grp 2min slowmode still can keep up!
fr kaiju kongs etc had really nice moving ones
Its actually insane that it works  then they get their Twitter and its just all down hill
hope gas wont be this high during mint
Shox is on  lets goooo broski
lmao yo those guys came outta nowhereee
Kaiju has shenron which is dope
haahajhahha nice meme
yeah they really did!
can i still be an OG haha
im thinking they do will this raffle omfg i cant do this anymore whitelisting stuff hahah
yeah fr they had tons of cool ones hope we see similar here dance3
gas can kill a project launch
and they stole my heart
first 500 only unfortunately
DAW is minting rn but it is selling fast
this is gonna be hugeee
Yeah some animation ones will do wonders
they real funny no cap
yeah 350k worth of ETH... unreal man
the first 500 members
animated ones have to be one of ones
still pushing for top 1500 hahahaha
or the opposite high gas usually leads to high floor especially for hyped projects
I have been waiting for so many years! Finally will be able to kill again!! Muhahaah
for sure thats why projects should start putting in more work to avoid them
that would be insane hopefully we get a good chane at whitelist at least
begging for OG at 1500
Yah  ... This will become hyped soon. Just watch ... Slow mode is in play now. So we can make some friends and move to other slow channel.
anyone know why gas been so high the last 2 days
I cant believe that many people fell for it. shows us that so many ppl in this space have no idea what they are doing
Hey guys if you have any questions or need help always feel free to dm me
I think most or half supply is gonna go to whitelistogs though 500 supply already reserved for OGs
Gas wars are so bad only bots which frontrun the buy get them early
a lot of alt coins coming back
like wtf i miss 50 dollar gas fees
What is your favorite color?
better to whitelist the 1800....
never post this again fren
no gas war on that idea......
basically just make sure you get whitelist or things are gonna be much harder
Thanks Kishu! will divert any unanswered Qs to you
project looks extremely promising!
Thank you Ser! Good choice  also my daughters!
Sure man my dms are always open!
what meka number is yours?
Raffle or some other system would be good.
Leave some feedback for the boy SLAKE made some nice fanart earlier
Hey bro! I see you in a lot of decent projects! you really have an eye for these things haha
Dutch auctions are fairest IMO
better mekaverse or wyverns?
Wyverns are awesome!!! really really want one
meka ass pls dont compare
this is also a good option. but it still got some form of gas war no?
Yeah Dutch auctions are decent
the words no gas war makes me orgasm a bit
true... but hopefully not like mekaverse
something just happened with my friends bro wtf. I hv to go for a few hours
samee man i want at least 2
Heiwa yes but only when the price gets low. Better to bid right above lowest price bc youll end up paying the same in gas at floor price
Haha yeah meka verse was just playing the lottery
But i am falling behind! Cant concentrate two things at the same time!
Did you win the meka raffle or sweeped the floor?
that one was over hyped
Yeah the whales will happily get in at a higher price and the rest have a good opportunity as price drops
you can sweep the floor now
especially if they announce breeding or something!
No worries brother .. you will be good
Hey guys new here any idea on how to get to the WL?
I bet they woulddd. I already want to see some baby wyverns lol
Will be hard enough to get 1 sad
Yep  I got my Boonji at .3 but ended up paying .15 in gas lol.
faqs further infos will be announced soon
Gotta swap that realquick!
Nothing announced yet they will have something soon
gotta be helpful and engaging EZ
no announcement yet just the first 500
no info yet fam. more announcement coming later today
yeah it would be so fitting!
mexicanpepe mexicanpepe mexicanpepe
i hope they come up with something a little more unique than breeding. its just been done too many times. really gotta put our thinkinh caps on and figure out something BRAND new
Thanks a lot guys. that was helpful! gonna checkout faqs
soon to be worthless... might bid at .2 eth
Thats very cheap gas considering how much hype that project had
yeah that would be sweet hope so!
im sure they have more unique additional utility planned else it would have been announced already
It was only like 50 at .4 though so wouldve been cheaper to buy then instead of floor
Idk the future cant comment either.
i think i saw somewhere the rarest ones hadnt revelead yet is this still the case?
thats not too bad tho I think considering the porject
or they just dont have a plan yet haha
same then i paper handed
they already have established the plan
Staking and supporting shelter dogs  take my ETH!
hey glad to be here how you doing bud
Gas wars are nuts lol
Roadmap is a little sneak peek. I am sure they have bigger things planned
Where is everyone from?
yeah too early to tell
so fun when txn gets lost
I dont have a lot of faith in Boonji tbh
true but they pump the project lol
Doing great ma man! same here pumped on this project
this is interesting though  Collaboration and partnerships with other blockchain games. We already have one partnership with a blockchain MMORPG which will utilize our native token as part of the whitelisting and presale process hint hint!
Yooooo dude congrats on mod!
Yea I like this one. different from other for sure
My ape might do well
lmao my bad i meant i barely broke even
same here man i hope i can get wl cause i know it will be insane
not exactly sure what it entails but its interesting
Trust the process bro you got this
i dont dislike the art
not sure didnt follow it anymore after the raffle
nah wyverns will do better than all the nfts yall mentioned bruh
Yeah the utility is interesting for boonji
cant wait for the reveal! Hope I pop a couple of rares!!
Hahaha. I already sold mine for .68. Their Insta only has like 330 followers  and for a project like that youd think more Insta people would be on it
boonji is a long term hold for me. i genuinely just like having it in my collection lol
sup dude! welcome to the cave
fosho best of luck man
but we need to say that soltimber
hey my man! how u doin
Great day Im sure for you and the team! project looks really promising
yep. we already have one partnership. open beta is in january
you too G! just under a couple of hours left now
we going to be straight lfg
im guessing we hit 2k by tom
Just checked out faqs but its empty
arts too dope not to attract pixel lovers
feelin good fam looking forward to what yall have in store pray
I think earlier maybe. things gonna spread like wildfire!
instructions will be announced soon!
Evening for me as well
Easy more than that pretty sure
Almost 1500 members already dance3
i think well hit it later today
Haha you could do it at 1.4 ... Bad choice.
Yah it will team is working hard rather than sleeping afte selling.
this is just the beginning!
Nice !! Time to grind eat  and go bed ahah
forgot to send u the link
ive seen this before hope the devs are ready
Wild. Its going to boom overnight at this rate haha
bet we hit it within an hour
Im very excited to be helping out in a mod role for sure Prayge
i think lot of people gave up after OG spot was taken up
Ay yay yay hoder! Ill rejoin for u
I wanna see more wyverns lol
eyoo fried chicken mates
I invested in a project thats already yielded me 30 ROI since then. Ill buy back in if I see more progress
I can imagine! would be a very exciting position to be in! Best of luck to you
should have been faster
diamond hand as always i really trust this project also i participied in the ama
Are they randomly generated??
yeah! growth is gonna be exponential. Hopefully things are manageable
anybody have more samples of what this nft looks like??
but you are in time to love me
ohhhh were neighbours! D
Arent wizards supposed to always be on time
mochimochihellowhitemochimochi
whaaat ahahaha lets talk in italy chat so
Lol I guess I always find out about discords too late though
cant wait for more sneakpeaks
Didnt get the og hahah
me too praying we get more today
Im from Switzerland bro but I speak a bit of italian
lets petition for first 1500 OG status
Excited to this project
Wow u naughty friedchicken
hey was in this group before 300 people still not whitelisted
All good we both early enough time to earn the goodstuff
i think u gotta dm one of the mods with proof
Drop it in suggestions bro but it will be  WL not og for the 1500
Dont worry my friend
Just always be updated in this channel
Fried Chicken!! Im craving you now
well at the pace were going... i dont expect a public mint.... all wyverns are going to be whitelist minted
more mods are getting added?
They already know how big this going to be. Preparing for the inevitable
good to see all the mods hanging out!
haha my thoughts exactly
just wishing... but will follow whats devs decide
 Moderator i was in top 500 and i didnt get OG role
gotta be ready for when the waves of ppl start pouring in
pretty good! Not as good as the OGs but we here now
thats kinda rude bruh
Just trying to balance work and my secret NFT life haha.
All the best for all!
Have they announced how to get whitelist or not yet
Yah bro ama seems promising. Hope for the best.
It could yeld you more than 100 that was a bad timing bro. That was my point.
did i miss the whitelist lol
whitelist all of the wyvern is the answer
it will be announced some time today not yet though
mods are ignoring kanye south they only want kanye west
Can we submit fan art
Secret to my employer lol  Im on a virtual desktop but have my other 2 screens up with Discord and Twitter lol
all theyve said is no invite competition
Brb going to have dinner
just be active and be helpful....
The art look so cool guys
Mines lowkey secret as well bro. Cant let people know I be buying JPEGs instead of right click save
hopefully its not another sipher surge....that was a waste
its 1am and im not sleeping until i get whitelist bruh
Kanye changed his name
i think even i should
good indicator of greatness heh
haha you gotta be patient my G. its a marathon not a sprint
not announced yet fren
im changing my name to wayne rooney
catjam Patient will do
Just chill and vibe in this chat bro they gonna announce something soon
Hyxder slowly catching up
good good i will not disown you then
im coming for you too Hyxder
God damn ya sum tryhards sheeeesh
you still have like double the messages i have lmao
am i still top 10 bruhger
Damn Hyxder be making miles
no invite competition?
LFG boys im so excited for more details to be released
Yooo i didnt make it haha
degen plays got me down bad
Im so proud of you Hyxder
ZiaaaX is the last Og
you need to get back into top 10 fren youre very close
Missed the og for this
ShihTzu any founders around for a quick dm?
Ayyyy time for grindingg
there is still whtielist that will be announced soon!
hope to see more sneak peaks!!!
Its chill bro. well get the WL
this goin be on youtube now
Dw bro 1500 wl available. Have faith and breathe
theres still a chance brother!
is there still a way to get OG role? i wants it
that remains to be seen founders are quiet
Yup this! Just chill in chat and enjoy the community
grinding!!! my worst enemy....
Just missed by 1 min...haha..i joined at 9.27pm
GOD damn theres gonna be like 1500 stock for public sale
Nice gape u have there
we up to no good boys
no more OG but whitelist still an option
i think itll sell out in whitelist lol
Danggggg sorry to hear that
oh man its growing fast in here
early birds deserve the bag
thanks man... one of my favorite projects....
Yep tons of WL spots still available!
its gonna get hype af in here LOL  i was here before 1k
Yea same currently own 2 of them
btw if im not wrong in the og counter there are only 488 og and not 500
We love you dont do thay
im timerich so ill stick around for this
Look at my profile its my banner
Maybe they still checking
Bro you gotta take a BREATH. Read the roadmap   there are 1500 WL up for grabs and not 1500 members in here. We got you fam. DM if you need to talk to someone.
i think there off line
Missed the OG looking to make the WL
i was 2 mins late and didnt get og role
Bro you gotta take a BREATH is an awesome catch phrase
yo are you boonji or doonji
Good luck brotha me too!
Galactic ape yessirtoad
got hem apes too.... cant resist pixelixed apes from space
this project looks really promising
when are we getting new sneak peeks boyss?
Wyverns 4 LIFE tooo!!!
hope i win the giveaway
Whats up my 2 legged dragon lookin mfs!?
sorry sir you have to be first 500 to enter server
gotta hurt! luckily we get a great chance to win those WLs
love the 11 in space ape... but i think the animated galatic apes are better
yes announcements coming soon
Ahh wish I wouldve found the project sooner then still can make up for it with wl
You should change your name to Kan
Yeah bro animated pixelated art hits different
JayK hey man can u send me in dms the full jpeg imagine of your kaiju?
pumped up for that one.... really want to get wyvern... any chance we get more sneek peaks
Need these wyverns to change my pfp they look dope asf
pixelated arts are the best prayge
861688761661652992 2
cowrollypolly catrollypolly
you gotta open your dms bro
Whats good wyvern homies
monkeyrollypolly cooklorollypolly redrollypolly FROGROLLYPOLLY
monkeyrollypolly cooklorollypolly redrollypolly FROGROLLYPOLLY
Chillin looks like its still pretty lit in here! Love to see it
i agree.... but got some really bad ones... pixel foxes what was i thinking!!! missed the boat on Kaiju kingz....this is my bet to be the next Kaiju
good shid 9201vibingcat69
monkeyrollypolly cooklorollypolly redrollypolly FROGROLLYPOLLY
mooseroll mooseroll mooseroll mooseroll
Is the Twitter comp the only details on how to get WL atm?
about how many eth do i need to mint this???
For now yes! More announcements coming
i am hungry af PESSadGe
Euris can send to you to add here I believe they would be an excellent addition to the available emoticons
kaiju was dirth cheap
What are you craving? I might make burgers
Why do I hear this in vegeta voice
haha yep soon brother discord just opened hypes coming in real fast
Its over 9000!!! Lmfao
0.05 eth. mentioned in the faqs have a look
monkeyrollypolly cooklorollypolly redrollypolly FROGROLLYPOLLY
idc bout price we going ooga on wyverns
Ill make an extra burg for ya
.50 eth and gas fee how muxh??
bro why!!!! I already had dinner and now im craving junk again!!!
I am getting hungry myself
05 eth... if they suddenly change it to 0.10 and tell ya they have a surprise mint.... you know what that means....
no idk what that means? haha
Aint no surprise mints lol never believe it
did you manage to mint?
people way too gullible too it sucks to see
that they are being hacked
What mint is going on?
If a bot starts spamming about a surprise mint its a hack never believe it
Means the discord got hacked never mint from a bot message the owners will put out announcements themselves
with art this good... hype is real... you cants top the flood of pixel lovers
hey mate glad you joined this will be a good project
no because im noob doing these trivia drops hahah
Hii all nice to see u guys
dunno about mint but boonji reveal gonna happen in a few hours
Gotta spread the word and protect the community
I am worried how many people will get scammed once opensea nft is released
Thank u for the greetings
we can chat in here italy
its a scam....if they do that... dont mint
worst part is most people on the bearx whitelist think the team shouldnt refund anyone and expect the project to do good that way
Thats why we spread the word and look out for each other
Yeah gotta have ur homies
wow cool red kaiju ser
yeah fr so dumb. creature toadz got money back so thats why they could new project cant just shit out that much sad
me when you....me snd you when...
wasnt it more than 70 eth taken
the hacker did the project quite bad man
damn teaming up is the move for those kind mints
i have no idea all i know is that its alot of money
yeah my group was dead and no infos ahahah
yea was a project with sky high potential PESSadGe
oh im 20 do you watch twitch?
its how the japanese dude in Godzilla pronounces Godzilla
hello cave ppl hello Zamorano
maybe they recover it post this lets see
Yeah I feel bad for the people who put countless hours to get wl
not that much anymore I used to watch a lot of streamers but I kinda fell off
yeah art was great... but got too big too fast
yoo thanks for joining
still the owner apparently has a punk so if hed like to regain some public trust thats what they should imo
Kishu Yo i swear i see you modding everywhere bro lmao
oh hey mate are u the one who can speak italian?
i got lucky i teamed up with some smart ppl
We at 1500 Wyverns fam!
Yeah that name is very familiar
I like your name mate haha
yeah now its useless
same dude send link in dms   love ya
oh rip  do you know by chance chrislaway? he is a sort of switzerland twitch streasmer that speak italian haha
i get that a lot ahah
better for wyverns all hype go here now ooga
lots of crappy project out there... there is literally a Crap nft!!!
i think this one will be one of the top NFTS for november
Anything can be an nft
a crap pic can be nft
certainly has potential
its on top of my list
cant wait for more sneak peaks fr
When does the Twitt comp winners gets announced?
cant wait for sneak peeks with wings lfg
theres even a dict....whats the world coming too
trading sneak peaks for feet pics dm me
pepethink 4 blobhyperthink susdance
The wings should be animated thatd be sickkk
im waiting for the fire breating ones
the mint price is cheap also got to faqs so that you can  get the idea
Can I still get OG I see only 488 have it there are 500 right?
i love animated pixel arts... so awesome
No its full but whitelist announcement coming soon
brings it all together imo
nope... filled out... WL still open
oh damn yeah forgot the name lol how did you get one of thooose
rin are you still hungry
Animated Pixel  Wyvern  I ape
fits so well with these utility filled projects
Yeah as long as they arent too pixelated
Got it! Hoping for that WL then
they minted a few days ago
same! what else you in. sick pfp
any sneak peaks of the art?
yeah i know but i wasnt whitelisted
hoping to get in the WL
im very excited of this project
just made some chicken alfredo come over
right i was wl but just had to grind hard
 bookin a flight ticket rn
MagnusDrake ShihTzu one last ping to you guys would like to talk briefly about a proposal i think youll enjoy.
Galactic Apes Space Apes Cyber Kongs Bear X
exactly thats why i didnt manage to get the wl and i discovered it too late
big and juicy exactly how i like my meat
franco sempre a farci riconoscere
0.05 ETH to be precise
a burger sounds fire too lmao
very nice! thank you for info
oh i wasnt talking about borgor
yeah its on a dumping floor now hopefully it goes back up later
not losing hope on that one... im OG ther... top 100
where is the ethereum network??
this one i noticed late... missed the boat on OG in this one
you have to be happy you have an ape as pfp
whats the link to mint this on mint day??
its becoming harder to keep hope when all the whitelist talks is how no1 should be refunded or increase mint prices tbh
have devs gotten everything back under control in discord?
Its the first day of the discord all that will come
the website is still under construction
They already get back now
Oh did they? Thats good is it looking alright?
yeah I get you. what about here is the wl method known yet?
hopefully i get wl bc if i dont ima have to break the bank to buy secondary
they still havent discussed last nights hack
basically just active no invite bs
not my kaiju hah. i screen shot
just be active and helpful...
the most costefficient way to acquire an nft!
I hope everybodys doing fine. Keep safe!
The creator want to compensate everyone that got scam
cause i like kaiju and i cant afford it hhh
Ahhh the old right click save
thanks man your name does look familiar
the good old right click and save XD
right click save is op
Community is popping I love it
only getting bigger too we just hit 1500 members dance3
Good ol right click and smash
hopefully when you get a wyvern you can use that
yes i hope they make. a shenron haha
im a mod at another server
I want Charizard wyvern
oooo charizard sounds nice
just dealt with some shit rn gg
i hope they got vegeta wyvern
Can still be OG or am i too late? Haha
Galactic Apes and Sprite
Too late but WL is coming hang around
Ill remember u when we get there fren
I hope pray BUT if i dont get it ill be sad
i like gapes alot cant afford them though bruh
i want everyone of these rolling things
no gape for you only wyvern
Dont bring it bro I fking paperhanded my gapes lol
I have 1. Hoping Boonjis go well for me so that I can afford a few more
ill lend you one for a small interest rate laugh
gapes are so awesome... its what started my obsession with pixaleted art
lets make geesy goose project
Sadge moment nearly as sad a butterfree
u gotta be on pc to save gifs
Depends if the team decides first 1000 people OG or still 500 but theyll have general WL goodluck
861687613069328394 2
its gonna be like 1k stock for public
why some messages get insta deleted ahahah
you can try sprite... it a cool project
okay but no riding goose might damage da goose.
brooo the fast ones are so better
Because they wanna send naked ladies rotating
hey bro! is that a genesis gape in your PFP?
Only other episode that had same level of energy is when ash protects pikachu
this is one stronk goose AShmm
Did someone say digitz?
where do you find all this ahahaha
FROGROLLYPOLLY cooklorollypolly redrollypolly chickenrollypolly
Man my Nitro has gotten bugged. Made the payment but its not going through at all
yes but instructions not announced yet will be soon!
damn bro! did you get in on it early or purchase it from secondary?
Yep! Waiting to hear how we get it announcements coming
wess is a very talented artist....
stop making me hungry
secondary already about 2 months ago before everything blew up
Hahaha Im so hungry rn!
no cap! cant wait for what he has in store for us with the monkeys and the questing
nah these look better trust
damn i could go for some wings now
Me if Anastasia will give me wl only anastasia
so can i use a metamask wallet or a coinbase wallet for this mint???
Yea i hope theres like unique ones too
Hell yeah lets make it happen
blobDance 2 861687613069328394 2
man youre really a visionary. I barely scraped up a regular gape. trying to make a crew now so that I can be ready for the missions
yeah i agree although some kaijus were so badass
usually its only metamask
The charizard kaiju was wet
Im assuming metamask  since its ETH
they made charizard kaiju what hte heck?
metamask or coinbase??
mletter eletter T1 A1
Yeah but idk if they minted it
i want a yellow wyvern so it can look like pikachu
metamask would probably better to use
Will it be on immutable x!?!?!?!?
yes that one is insane
cant go wrong with metamask
How do people find out about these things on the day of lol
I want a cute aqua blue one
metamask easier but protection sucks. no 2fa either
Homies from Digitz NFT share alpha all the time thats how I got here
was a bit late already for this one.. really aped on octohedz.....you can also check out race apes....its made by one of the OG galactic apes
Metamask is best for NFTs rn IMO
Shhh thays a secret place
Thats how I found it just popped up on the TL lol
Blue body and a yellow scales like the inside body thing
Cant share all the secrets haha
thats the wyvern dream
idk wtf i want for wyvern. just make it look good haha
Make sure you serverboost!
I wanna be on that secret place too plss. Lolol
Bro you really got that pfp? Like u actually got it
for a wallet this popular they should atleast develop a 2FA
blue eyes white dragon yugioh
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
oh is it! will check it out
just hit level 6 lets goooooooo
already following boss
nah man i told u im right click save
Sick project Ill toss it in shill
I think were in safe hands
cant resist pixelated apes
good that means you are elligible for one kiss
How do you pronounce your name?
Shox is still on  to the moon broo!!
Ill definitely try out for the WL whatever that consists of lol
dont have the liquidity atm to be able to buy these of secondary rn. saving up for gapes
WOAH i havent seen you in a minute how you doing fren
ShihTzu make sure ur mods dont have access to webhooks so u guys dont get hacked
definitely check out race apes and rich apes....
Was gonna say the same for you lol I guess you made the switch from sneakers hehe
Theres women apes now I think
yes bro sneakers too dry atm i seen bot market take a fat ass hit too its wild
its OS drop raffle type... weth offer .05
WTT zalando accounts for cosmic wyverns
i cant go to sleep i dont want to be removed from the top 10 activity list
waiting PepeTradeOffer
people fr angry at me for some reason for leavin its wild
sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek sneak peek
huh cause you never said goodbye smh
Are you a traitor Hyxder?
Yeah bring on the sneak peeks lol
ill never forgive you tbh
is it peek or peak bruh
ShihTzu PUT AN ANNOUNCEMENT REACT
We all rockin the same pfp lol
peak is for a mountain
lets gooo WL announcement pog
react with the rolly polly gang
Thank you boss!! A lot of amazing projects coming ya
I think it means weight limit
What up Swampverse fam?
Like the rides at Disneyland right?
Helloooo its me go easy on me pls
yes i cannot ride on majority of the rides there
Lmfao when weight limit?
Heres initial roadmap
i love the animated ones... theyre so cool
0.02 eth uguo3weojidjfwejf2
no ser youre one of us
i dont have access to roadmap the channel is blank for me
still 488 OGs tho prayers up for your boi
lmaooo ty this worked
Pretty sure its still full until they weed out bots
damn you be watching that channel like a hawk
yup.... its cheap... picked up a couple
but you said you hungry
im fw the roadmap fr these are gonna be a movie
I was just about to sleep. then whitelist announcment shortly. AIght fam listening
Gotta be done bro I need to see my name NOT win the Twitter comp
its creepy to go downstairs bruh
Big announcement coming be ready!
haha fair enough brudda
def dont go heard there was a monster hiding there
you need a mini fridge lmao
GUYS do we support league of legends.
mini fridge and a mini water dispenser
Master is typing pepepogs
thats perfect for the bedroom
gm sir nice pfp you got there
hopefully no big announcement be good guys and dont give the mods a hard time
yes but im too broke to buy none of them
Thanks man its a 11 luck had me that day
jahahahhahaha so many haters
never played valorant but i think csgo is better?
thats nick fury right bruh
hell no im not trying to play riots sad attempt at csgo
man once yous tart that game hard to get out
u can buy a whole lot after Wyverns haha
valorant is more fun imo abilities like overwatch
if i get whitelisted bruh
Valorant is too gimmicky imo lol
i got bored of it fast
No its ummm some other dude I forget
This community grows organically and Im loving it!!!
believe it and you will!
sorry bro but csgo  any copy cat
the master is typing
back to jpegs mitch is typing
I m super exicted about the roadmap for this insane utility no cap
fr i think they have a lot of amazing stuff down the pipeline
whats insane a about the utility ?
BREATHE plus other things they havent mentioned yet
we still dont know much about it tho
when you BREATHE youve conquered the world
its barely the tip of the iceberg tho
these are gonna be better than kaijus dw
we are still early fam
low supply of nft so total coins generated a day is low which would likely lead to higher DAO prices and profits for us 3
So an activity contest it is!
damn bro how you feeling about imx bears after yesterday
this is crzy talk. telling us to spam this?
Youll be in the clear lol seen you here from the start!
Check announcements !!
they are telling us not to spam it
gotta secure my spot pray
allright guys top 100! easy peasy lemon squeezy. we all early here!
No spam just wholesome interaction
Top 100 active are WL! Hyxder
whoa what happened yesterday
announcements its going to be real hard bruh
woaaa the whitelist announcement is up
it will require some dedication for sure haha
i got school starting next week ggs bruh
too much for me tokeep up
RLBA another day another server i find you in
Community first boys start meeting new friends and interacting with one another who knows they might be ur friends for a long time
878781398566195210 3 861689696027672586 lfg
wow his competition will be a grind to be part of gg
I swear I see you in every server lmao ZAG
imagine i go to sleep now 5 hours later im at no100
basically just be top 100 leaderboard in activity you can keep track here httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
so all u need is active now
Theres also going to be other opportunities! Theres 1500 WL
Good luck everyone weirdo4S
!grindforatop100activememeberlist
Yooo check out announcements super hyped!! Cant sleep wont sleep
this competition is gonna be a grind ong
Chat is speeding up hah
Already have friends in here bro! this community getting LIT
I thought that was a different project BearsX?
yeesh just when iwas about to sheep you guys drop the bomb on WL
WL info has been posted
Grind till the day i die!!! LFG!! WAGMI
Hyxder can I be your friend bro bongocat
Not me though I just joined and hour ago lmao
then we should keep grinding
We got this bro aint no way we can throw now
u already know well be at it
Come on guys be active and GENUINE  and you can all make it! GL
not 100 and over 50k members on discord xD
Whats good bro? Wanna have a chat?
Mods I suggest one thing. Make it a 1 min timer otherwise it will be impossible to moderate this
This is the key! No spam lol
yes we are best friend
Dead sleep will cost me money now
Hows everyone doing today?
i agree if its like this with 1.5k members imagine later on when more ppl join
Everybody be fair no bots!!
I think this is quite fair
yeah convos going to fast hard to keep up
Of course man. Doing well how about you?
Sleep is for the dead
facts bro. I wanna see you hold that number 1 position
its too spammy and impossible to catch spammers
omg zag! rlba here too are you guys from same nft group
you can sleep when you die
Lol halloween coming up
whitelist grind here we come
exactly. ill sleep when im dead
Im excited to see the different Wyverns and their traits.
Oh I am top 100 rn time to keep up momentum!
exciting stuff by the team!!
Sheeee. Cant sleep coz of this
its gonna be a grind for sure top 100
youre almost top 10 bro keep it up
were missing 12 OG Wyverns  where can they be
Im good too. Playing Uncharted 3 for old times sake
whos no.1 ?? im gunning for you bro...hahhaha
Hopefully I get a black on black on black wyvern
whered u check? PESInteresting
we love the wyverns baby
Yeah we need a longer timer
Hyxder going full degen gonna be hard to catch up with him
yo chat going nuts what da
we still very very early. 1500 members is nothing. better get a head start now haha
how do you  know? i may be up there as well
bot commands.... !rank
haha nice bro! im working
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
go fight the leaderboard
ayyyy im top 100 wgmi boys
ZAG and I are just buddies you could say butt buddies
Ooooh Im at 12! Lets go gang we can do it
Seriously. We sprinting right now to get that lead
ah... yeah... ill settle for 2 or 3
ShihTzu I suggest to add some more intl channels like french and spanish  i can assure you you will need them soon !
Doing well. Yourself?
tryna get into that top 100 so that WGMI
we need to grind letsgoo
were all early prayge
so keep grind till my finger broke
dont forget portuguesebrazilian!!!!
got your test brotha
Whens the next gigantic sale?
You got this bro! Its so easy cause the people in this chat are such a vibe
Im great where are you from
how do we chck our ranks?
So where is everyone here from?
Wheres the leaderboard?
Where my Canada boys at tho
hello everyone. hows it going
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
whats everyone up to today?
lets go top 100!!! WAGMI we early af !!
australia bro how about you
ngl the hole in his head do be looking kinda disgusting bruh
Type !rank do it in bot commands
yeah yeah im gonna make it for sure
Exactly head start will help a lot
no idea lol but im having the best sales year ever!
check your rank here fellas !
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
thanks brotha appreciate it
yeah so easy here.. it like ive known you guys for years... there are some servers with dead channels
I expect a massive growth soon so everybody get your head starts
thanks i needa grind more still outside top 100
Shit top 100 Ill take that
cheerio  then i can bring the french gang to join in
i liek that way of gaining whitelist very good
No problem and good luck!
i got a real good feeling about this one!
What you buying on Black Friday?
Welcome new guys! Checkout faqs and roadmap !
Lets try not to make it spammy please
Woah that is pretty cool. Not what I was expecting haha. Do you like it there? I dont know too much about it
thank you my guy! you too
Did it mention when the end of comp was?
we gonna make it guys
Hey bro from the Netherlands
yoooo im at work but damn imma be chilling in here
chat moving too fast no one can see im a wyvern
sheez im so sleepy but FOMOOOOOO real bad
who thinks the art looks cute ???
arent you going to get in trouble? lol
Yeah stumbled upon this project looks intriguing
It also said they could take multiple screenshots
Fomo a hell of a drug
enable gifs in sports crypto pets pls
Congrats on the og role
yep this project is dope bro glad to have u here
Sounds like were all gunna be busy for a while
i do!!! cant resist these pixelated animals from space
yooo jimek whats uppp PepeYep
I wanna get an Xbox Series X haha how about you?
broo ure a magic mushroom too! everyone i know has it should i get it too man
In India it is encouraged to be on your phone while you work !! multi tasking !! LMAO
i wanna sleep PESSadGe
yeahhh im confident i can do it lol
made it to level 8 lfg vampkek
The art here is so fireeee
oh damn lol india huh?
how to check the leaderboard ?
im craving magic mushrooms mmmmm
Then sleep! Health first
Yeah you should floor is low now
tons of magic mush around hahaa i always see them. i minted a while back
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
see me at no100 when i wake up
have you heard of it??
Trying to get my hands on a white JBL Pulse 4 for my gf
letsgoooo broskis we are gonna make it together
Have they fixed the issue for those of us who cant see the roadmap in roadmap ?  Moderator
im craving for cosmic wyvern
i told you bro. degen level high
Hyxder right now about to pull all nighter to hold that number 1 position
wow you really are that far off...
Lets build this great community!!!
just refresh ur discord with cntl r
Yeah its tough at times Im in midterms lol
its fine we have tomororw
very raunchy name LOLOLOL
seems fun they have competitions too right like group missions
what lvl we need to get top 100
im top 100 for sure about 70 i think
nah nah  you can have any spot but mine am not giving mine up dance3
its an issue on your end reload discord
Graye Hazard can you send me other projects like race apes? Really cool
youre pretty close behind him lol
yeah its like a month long thing
Just keep pushing everyone here will make it!
Anybody try chipotle brisket
Wow greatt i must keep going
Awesome. Thanks guys.
we the same time zone im not lettin you get ahead
art looks epic. cant wait for new sneakpeaks
not yet i heard its really good but ive never veen tried chipotle haha
We are all so early!!!
Yea do it when you can
Cosmic Wyverns is LITT !!!
Yo this project exploded
you saw the link to check your rank right
what time zone r u in?
asian timezone be praying for my downfall
id try dmt if i could get it where i live
.. wdym ser.. its my name
damn how am I supposed to game and rank up lol
ohhh whats that? not familiar with that
anyone see what happened to bearx last night?
sadly I am working but Ill try and be as active as I can lol
omg its time to sleep
shrooms are a hell of a drug
very very unfortunate sadhug
one of the mods got hacked so everything got leaked
u could get in if u were in london or LA lololol
such a shame what happened to bearx was a great community until the hacks
Yes terrible and it happened to divine anarchy also
yeah def insane! need everyone to get 2FA
whats the command for top 100
its 5am here we still out here grinding.....
yea rip and its still ongoing idt they can come back
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Manage your Discord server with leveling moderation Twitch Youtube and Reddit notifications.
i think the guy got away with 90 ETH. like Bruh !
Use !rank in bot commands
we gonna go grind ehre
Genuine conversation is the key guys
im from portugal so its more sketchy here
wow thats crazy too many gullible ppl
i would like to take this moment to remind everyone PLEASE BE CAUTIOUS WHEN MINTING AND LOOK OUT FOR SCAMS BE VIGILANT!!!!!!!!!
bro he made a bag wtf
BearsX and IMX Bears are different right?
i think it was in the 130 eths
sheeeez its 121 AM hereeeee so sleepy but FOMOOOOO
Pineapple on pizza yea or nah?
yes its totally different
This chat is going crazy
damn you got dis bro dw
ill check the leaderboard haha
Looks like a speaker?
insane i feel bad for everyone that lost eth on that
how you not gonna have 2fa on lmao
take a train to london bro
i checked when they got their twitter back it was 90 then he sent 30 to another wallet
the classic debate haha
ayoooo this chat popping off cooldown might need to go up at this rate xD
lets make it together brah
Man I get the grind but def dont want the chat to be spammy for the chance at a WL role. It should be organic and relevant to CW
Last time I looked it was pretty much mint price lol
bro really clicked random link in DM too
This roadmap looks like straight gasssss
Would love to see NFT market rebound soon
everyone tryna make a buck
oh yeah love pineapple on pizza
My man! Haha it always starts a debate love throwing it out there
so lets fight this leader boeard
ANyways enough about BearX how about Wyvens PepeEyes
facts better than most upcoming projects out there
the roadmap is so good
chat is fr way too fast triplemonkas
i wish people were a bit more aware in this space
when they suddenly increased mint price and do a surprise mint thats already a big red flag
thats actually disgusting guy coulda asked me for 5 bones for nitro id give it lmaooo
ohhh badass! Looks nice.  anything for yourself?
mod of such a big nft clicks a random link..
same dudeee. might just sleeep soon and get back to it tomorrow haha
been grinding else where for 4 days nowwwwwww im losing sleep but i aint losin thissss LFG
Lets go! Team pineapple is here
Roadmap looking kinda nice man
pineapple should stay far away from pizza
in 2 days this chat will be raid by bots with texts like WAGMI LFG bruh
so u need to get to the leader board
bruh you higher than me lmao
pizza is good for dinner
yea dont mint anything from a link that comes from a bot that is a scam
as long as no hack like with bearx were golden laugh
We are so early too. I feel that this community will be special
might have to move to other channels hard to keep up in this chat lmao
what is wagmi lol i always see it
i 100 agree...but some people only think in dollar signs and greed gets the better of humans
Boooo. Sweet and salty man it works
Nah bro. Just go sleep. Healthy come first
we should all appreciate the organic convo right now before bots start raiding PESSadGe
facts we are good bro
lets go brother WE GO COSMICC
pineapple and canadian bacon
Dedication is real bro!
Yeah many people had some hopes for them but I guess they couldnt deliver
pizza is fat but good haha
chill cave is pretty good to bro
 Moderator please increase slow mode... its so hard to keep up
100 this not worth hurting your mental health
rin couldnt agree more Yes !
Not high enough.. i must get top 10 to secure my position
it is a disgrace to italian culture porcodio ESUW
HyperBlast what rank are you bro?
who outpizzas the hut?
i just checked the leaderboard
yeah might chill on there haha
I think Ill chat and play some DR2
SO ! Where is everyone from???
ion feel comfortable til im in here number 1
LFG!! we are gonna make it together frenss! early gangg
IFKR im scared to go to sleep
do this long term like grind 12 hours a day and u will be chilling
Why why why?? Hahahhahaha
Ok fair but most Americanized pizza isnt the same as the Italian counterpart anyways
can get a decent convo with all these giffs flying
damn im gonna chase u AGdreamboy  Cosmic Wyvern
im top 33 bb. just jumped like 8 spots
come chase mee brother !!! we gonna make it
I am very Indian but live in Canada now
gonna lose my spot brah
how are u liking canada
chicken wings chicken wings hot dog and baloney chicken and macaroni chilling with my homie
Probably not. Could be a PS5 but I doubt theyll even be available
hows the weather over there bro?
Hyxder hes coming for u
Yeahhhhh this happen to me again i do this at last project but they have target
he can try but am not going anywhere
Wyvern fam we are going to the moon no doubt
yeah way too hard to get...
oh damn! we gotta stay super active now!!!
1 minute slow mode now chat gonna move slow lol
hard to top you bro... im happy to place in 2nd
oh amazing i just got here a few years ago but food is unlike anything ive ever eaten !
Mr. AK its getting cold now bro. so cold.
wow one minute cooldown
I got lucky on launch night
1 minute slow mode is good ! hahaha
Ah haha yeah thats fair I wonder if they announce it like in a week so we all turn into zombies here by then lol
nah fam not the food gifs
Hyxder ur pfp kinda looks like fat charizard
cant sleep now hmmmmpepocloseasf
i think im at 11 lets get it. wait slow mode for 1 minute now. gotta be active on all discussion board then
Do we get ranked up for boosting the discord? ive never boosted before but i think its time
can somebody dm me when we got the exact date and site for this mint? i would greatly appreciate. i am an old man and not very tech savy
Do u know meta legends?
  got to make sure you eat somehow
Can you believe that there was a shopping in Brazil that had a TON of them? Idk how
NOOOO please bring it down to at least 30 seconds i was actually tryna talk here sadhug
where all the grinders at now?
Can anyone solve Im white round but not always around? And from what movie??!!
Wowwww haha very lucky man!
Just talk more slowly
12 hours a day is like. 2400 xp a day
i think slow is better so we cant avoid spams and have a meaning full convo.... hard to keep up with so many people in one channel
yes sir you at 11 right now. keep it up!
so actually got confused by the ranked up? is it about rank or is it about being top 100 leaderboard cause he said that 1500 will be whitelisted now its already 500 wl then 1000 slot still open
I cant follow this chat haha
ifkr man 1 minute slow mode is very painful  FriedChicken  LEGENDS OMG i left that server it was way too hard to get WL man but i am really regretting not doing it early
cant see the roadmap !
sadge bruh my stomach is growling real hard Dead
bro chill! thats the Wyven lmfao
Well worth the no sleep lol
slowmode too long  Im tryna catch up with my old buddy hikesder I think thats how you pronounce it lmao
Some are here some are probably at hapebeasts
there will be more chances to get wl this is just the first
How is everyone doing?
The chat aint that fast
about to smash that level 3    try n keep up
Yo this is turtle mode
Where are u guys from  all of you?
we are gonna make it please gib us tips and tricks to become top 5
nice to see so many server boosters
how does hape list work???
or should I say  Chubbyzard? lmao
Its great have 1 minute timer thats our time to get exp constanly i reach level 30 at meta legends took me 7 days to reach it
make a server booster chat pls which is more free to chat in
change to 30 seconds pls
yap the first to get white list is to kill each other by winning the leaderboard
Damnnn haha shouldve bought a couple and brought them back lol
there should be multiple snapshots so therell be different people in each of every snapshot therefore an increase in whitelisted members as well hmmm
the WL spot until when??
Yeah I know haha at least its not 5 minutes yet  grinds are always hard
7 days ok good timeframe i wonder when this contest will end
We are wyverns not turtles
there is no exact date snapshot will be taken at random pray
i dont think turtles fly bro
not sure all i know is that theres 1.5k available spots
cooldowns also vary. it wont be 1 minute everytime
Yeah thats why theyve mentioned it might be one or it might be multiple
they not gonna say until when man. so we just keep at it
Canadian here  great country
Yeahhh they should tell us when this contest end..
They like to keep us on our toes those devs
keepin us on our toes
no this is easier to moderate for the team. Relax trust me this is way better
that random snapshot its would be so worry
okayy thanks for the information sir !
Well apparently they are choosing the most active members there randomly. At least thats what I understood. Probably some competitions as well will be.
yeah its going to need a 1 min timer when more people start joining haha
yea so you gotta be active 247
So all canadian here?? Mostly
Grind until the end of time
We need more sneak peaks sir
imo the timer is a bit too long the conversation kinda gets lost lol
its already a 1 minute timer LOL 5 minutes is the one which is gonna hurt apparently i believe the guy who told me though
W 9  4  3 861687615769673738
Yoo bro  waaaazzzzzzzzup
haha just what I was gonna type!
usa ! canada better though lol
youll get it when you least expect it.
its a great system imo. to deter those who just wanna spam.
kinda like metalegends
lets go fight the leader board my friend
Damn. Aint nobody got time for that
what happens if im always expecting it
will be 10K members in 8 hours
I made some spicy ramen now Im gonna be breathing fire like a wyvern gang wish me luck
which is pretty tiring honestly sad
mekaverse had a 30 min timer and the chat kept popping off
you have to sleep some time
for sure kinglove do you guys also have 11s planned for the collection? would really love to see those in the future
ser will OG wyverns open up to 500?
Dang guys can we put slowmode to 15 sec or 30 maybe 1 minute is a pain
cant wait to see those!
W 4 PoggersRow 5  3 toadzdisco 2
Theyre more expensive there Im gonna wait ahaha
yo legendddd good to see you here man. checked the announcements ?? we gonna LFG or what
mekaverse had no whitelist though did they?
good luck everyonedogrollypolly
30 seconds would be great
they had 80k members or 100k .... thats bound to happen....
nah i dont think so AShmm
30 seconds would be prime.
Yes this 1 minute is a pain in the a
we are counter checking those OGs who sent their wallets with the ones we gave the roles. after 24 hours well assign additional OG roles to complete the 500
Ohhh gotcha. yeah id wait too then lol
Its hard to have conversations
speaking of meka....whos in hor1zon? art looks even better imo
hey mr. wyvern you got 2fa on right? lmao
will it be according to order of entrance?
then grind here would be a great opportonitty to get the
Gotta pick one person and just continuously respond to each other lol
everybody needs to be on 2fa !
exp is  minute ! 1 minute slowmode is good i think
Mekaverse floor is dumping tho
Took me 15 hours straight to get WL
yeah i guess its less tiring
And another fanart BongoCatAss
Yea lol its very hard to keep up a conversation with 1 minute slowmode
looking forward to it! I did kinda cut it close haha
shout out to them for actually having different backgrounds
Sounds good! its one thing to join early but another to be active early on. Maybe this can be considered
we are gonna make it! the cool downs decreased!! yay
Thats the only way haha
I like the 3500 supply
Are there aNy sneakkeeks
It was too hype and the commons all looked the same ruined it for a lot of people
Just the one in sneakpeek
no spammer here bcs the slowmode is 1 min
Ser does that mean i might stand a chance xD
I hv to write a paper and complete a 10 page assignement today night gonna be chatting all night ahhahahhaa
Yes jungle freak is better
This is a very interesting project  everyone here just know how early you are! this discord was made today lol
i wonder if there is gonna be breeding for the wyverns   speculation guys?
I mean everybody saw that coming. Mekaverse was easy money
for sure. 3500 is a solid number to go for provides more value to the holders and can be good for implementing utility.
hor1zon gonna take over meka definitely
for sure. some just joined and eventually left we are checking this all manually
U have jungle? I miss that project damn
Okay... so we got a WL up
Selling rank 3000 Wyvern under floor. 5 ETH. DM me
Thanks for the fairness
So this is an xp grind then?
these 10k projects are gettin old even though were early lol
i get WLed there haha
bro I didnt see you today while we were dealing with the whole bearx thing. were u around?
thats how you build a strong community
art definitely looking better for hor1zon too late for me to get WL there though TT
the mod says whitelist announcement shortly is it the WL from twitter?
hey you have joined as well
mekaverse was rigged sadly I cant believe devs did that
so 1 breath 1 dollar?
kind of. its mostly about good contribution but top 100 will recieve WL as well
Love this. Thank you for being a real one
yes man it is sad what happened
Easy money when you flip
Dang I have zero chance now. Good luck guys! May the person who chats forever endlessly get rich!
no fiat here  1 breath1 breath
Hey Lesush.. Yea im liking the look of this project.. although this cd timer is gonns get to me I know it
ShihTzu until when we must at top 100?
I like how thicccc these wyvs look
I think of it as a community bonding session
yeah I tend to disagree but Im here for it
Great to hear. Thank you
whats your pfp ? looks cute
kinda but not really. the team put in measures so that its not manipulated by spammers. not bad imo
I hate 10Ks tbh too much saturation
it was all about luck lol
where did the mod say that? theres been an announcement about whitelist if you go and look its top 100 active members but the contest has a secret end date
reveal the devs knew which meka had what rarity before reveal. the rare ones were bought for 23 eth above floorbefore reveal
This community is purely organic. This is the way
you are far from late! its not a grind contest. no invite contest here. just hang around a little here and there
are we gonna make it bois
bruh im seeing so many old sneaker friends in nft groups shits sick lol
its from animathereum
finally at top 3 bruh
Yeahhh we dont know until when this will end
Looks interesting project
sneaker flippers ruining shit as always lol
impressive haha nice work!
i saw youre on  the top 12 leaderboard haha
I still have faith in them. we gonna pull through. Imma chill here with the Wyverns while waiting on them to rebuild haha
yeah the next announcement is the one probably
Brb gotta take my Wyvern on a walk
Nice pickle. I have rainbow eyes and puke lol
yeah i know what you mean haha it is a stretch
I see ur in botmart lmao
Ive been active since about 800 people today trying to help out new people
i love 1 minutes i can chill while talking haha
Imagine if the contest will last 4 days
Ill give it my best shot!
Off topic channels are open guys enjoy meeting new people
i will probably die bruh
Are you trying to get 1?
damn you mustve been here right when they opened up the discord lol
not possible that is my spot
so sleepy right now but we needa grind haha
Probabaly will be a week or 2
well look who it is haha. we chillin here now while we let the bears sort their shit out
Until today when I googled them I didnt know what WYVERNS are. Well they are badaass
Respect bro! fistbump
oops sorry i thought its related to this httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902817756079079487902922959562362921
theyre sick idk why the project died so fast
Haha truee the grind dont stop
The wl contest can also be done also chatting in italy channel for example? Or only here
yes we definitely can!
This chat popping off love to see it
Nice work man! love it
hyxder has 3.2k exp bruh
Yeahhh it will not stopping
yes they are they are quite badass
went from 1200 to 1500 real quick!!!
Activity Contest Top 100 receive Whitelist Rules
Every minute that youre messaging you randomly gain between 15 and 25 XP.
To avoid spamming earning XP is limited to once a minute per user.
In botcommands you type !rank to see your rank and level.
Heeeeey!!! How are you my friend?
guys everyone in here is EARLY so if u stick to the GRIND you can GET THERE TOO!
Damn thanks for all the love guys this is a great community
its already 130 AM here lol
Hehe its randomised sir this is to avoid botting in specific languages  gotta start chatting in dif channels
bruh where do u live lol
We are still so early! Everyone here is. LFG
Looking forward to it
Imma wake up to 5k tomorrow arent I? no one steal my top 10 spot pls lmao
I just love the look. Need a pixelated dragon. Im excited for anything.
How we get whitelist?
thank you for the info ser ill try to pass it along to other people
alright imma sleep at 2 and wake up again at 4 i hope i can still maintain my rank. shees i still have work tomorrow.
ooh gifs are allowed? interesting
Check out announcements
Because this chat is really spammy I prefer Italian chat ahah
announcements bruvva dababysalute
Keep it up where are you from
yeah super dope look imo
how many members by EOD? Predictions?
hahahaha! this will never not crack me up!!!
The most 100 active people for now
Gotta chat around bro  Meet the community get to know each other.. Top 100 active
what we need to top 100?
server activity but will be more opportunities for WL
Yes you may chat in italian chat but try to diverse your chat in different channels from time to time
This is gonna be my motivation for the next couple of weeksmonths lolololol
somebody looking for additional sneak peaks??
damn thatd be nuts lol
Just chatting engagement dont spam
yeah but the next 2 days it is gonna explode to like 10k
Heyyy you made it here too
Lets hope our name turns teal or blue or something too! that will be the real W haha
Yeah thats is what i was thinking
probably aruond 60k tbh this could be huge considering its a DAO with pixel thats the big trend
I mean if youre offering them yeah
Show us those goods...
do we have a meme channel set up? or we just post stuff here
weve gotten 1557 on first day with 12 tweets the real marketing has nowhere near begun
yess sirrr !! so hard to grind when we sleepy lol
aint it different....grinding in here aint we
I had asked u 3 hours ago first one to ask u about a second one. so like yea 861688761661652992
were like james bond no time to die!!!! literally thou LOLOLOL
Im about to flip MagnusDrake in rank lfg
easily. could see more honestly too
Yeahhhh.. the timing is not good.. especially we dont know when this will end
Perhaps big man  party
yesss! im looking for new PFP G! cant wait!
ElJefe you talk Spanish?
Isnt a 1 min timer a bit excessive atm? we trying to build connections here make roots in the community there are only 500 of us online..
We doing sneak peeks????
20k by tmr 50k in three days 100k in a week pepeclap
Organically grown community. Pretty stoked to be here! These are the best. Nothing compares
Haha yes of course  we are all hanging in almost the same projects lately. We know whats good around
just keep chatting stay active and helpful. and please do not spam!
Possible very possible
then hack and scam link spam for 4 hours LOL
p a t i e n t is a v i r t u e with this slow modessss
For sure man glad youre here early!
We do know whats good and were always early   Good to see you here!
actually really excited to see the sneak peaks might have to turn on notifications
what is nft? wen lembo?
500k by launch easy CHKek
jpegs with demand and supply D
ahahah! hope they secure the bots early tbh mods gotta work hard too
if we sleep now we cant reach top 100 leaderboard tomorrow haha
Give us a lil peek!!! lol
man its 12am here. not sure whether to wake and grind or stay up and grind
Soon bb just gotta wait
Please make roadmap more clear and transparent it looks half baked at the moment !
hahaha THAT would be impressive af. lets do this
yoooo sneakpeek just evolved with wings! cant wait to see what else is around
sleep costs you money now sadge
ser ser ser when u gonna announce the twitter gibaway?
boy this discord was made TODAY lol
Thats true.. im afraid to sleep now what rank are u now?
we in here puttin in that work...i see the true grinders here
Island boyz only in the cave. Iykyk
oooo love the winged wyvern!!!
they said they gonna make a refined one. thats still 1.0 bro
easy for us hahahah time to invite the whole family and the family dog
hahaha I love those cartoons
will all wyverns have wings?
Hahaha yes thats the trade here lol
Wyverns are going to take over the world!
wow ive been chatting exactly when the timer expires but my rank is going down
grind for yo spot now you never know when they gonna take that screenshot everyone! stay active!
That new sneak peak is sick everyone check it out!
i just reached lvl 4 right now .  im so afraid lol
sup sup man how ya doing peppodance
winged wyvern in sneak peak
I wanna see some green wyverns lol
oh ok 30sec slowmode guys! its a bit better now LOL
I wanna ride an ostrich yo
Wow thats high for now
Are the 11 going to be animated?
lol no sleep allowed. top 100 bro
once bots get in here dis chat finna be dead fam
Hey!! How are you going?
Yoooo mecha wyvern looks hype
I hope so bearx animated ones are sick lol
We havent even seen any sneak peeks. I am so excited. This will be huge!
Ooooh the new sneakpeek looks amazing!
the mods are actively watching these chats so I am sure theyll deal with it
Ayoooo Mecha!! now thats a heater. is that 11
Nobody tell the bots we here.. easy
Whos going a Halloween party? I need ideas for costume with a beard
that would be sickk partyblob
definitely and supply is low too! Genesis material
i hope the bots get kicked early
Oo maybe one of the 7 dwarfs
art looks nasty  in a good way
damnn the new sneak peek is DOPE!
Thats great mate keep it up
haha bro! your PFP is gonna be a rare for sure
bruh this is sick lol cyber wyverns
Everyone check sneakpeek NOW
so the whitelist rule for now is the top 100 active members?
oh sheeehh mecha wyvern with dem wingsss
I hope this will be worth it
great hahah super glad i found this project early with you guys! nod
once theres like 20 bots going and people get 20 accounts in here doing it it will be so hard to pick up. look at any big server it gets so annoying
we still early guysssss relax and chill dont rush it and most importantly dont skip over my rank LOLOLOL JKJKJK we are gonna make it together!!!
Good morning! How are you?
thanks bro i stole it dance3
Yeah I am from Puerto Rico
ShihTzu its wraps bro I m changing my pfp rfn
i wonder if its gonna be a rare one
I hope  Moderator catch spammers and bots
bots are never fun to deal with
nice bro im from El Salvador
thanks mann ! lets grind together
same i really hope they do
im at top 10 nowww!!!! Shox
This is one of the most modadmin active servers Ive been in for a while
Nice I saw the President is getting into crypto now
dont think you should ping them for that xd
They will have faith!
How long is the competition?
bro next time dont tag em on something like that lol
Whos a Bot and whos not??
20 is nothing man i am a mod in a small 6k server and 150 bots slipped in earlier like it was nothing had to ban them all manually
how do you change server PFP forgot how to do that xD
Mechawivern looking fire in the sneakpeek that one gonna bemine im telling yall hahah pog
thats all we can do but i hope they just screenshot the active people right as the bots come in or right before they do
its 30 seconds cool down now!!! sheeeeez !wagmi
congratulations 9201vibingcat69
there is no exact end date snapshot will be taken randomly
Man every one got WL but Im still out! Why?
Just saw this on twitter
Ill help u guys if i see something suspicous
big hype crazy how they adopting crypto. im going in january so im curious what everythings like
changed pfp ez shit looks hot
Open the flood gates lol.
The snapshot will be randomly
Yooooo check sneakpeek
30 sec cooldown may mean less xp due to missing the bot timer though
Lesush  and AceerBlade wont hold back kicking bots... They didnt crap in Evolved Forest
right click on ur name and edit server profile
back to 30 seconds waiting pays off everyone. lets get it we popping off!!!!
Everyone blowing up Twitter? We need more sneak peeks!
more sneakpeek plzz some of us are using the same wyverns here lololol
Will there be a Spyro wyvern?
1 tweet about the meka wyverns twitter will go CRAZY
no wl spots have been give away yet except for the first 500 ppl to join OG role
Yeah I saw even barbershops are accepting bit coin which is crazy
Bruhhhh these are fire af
done from like 23 accounts haha
first 300 followers on twitter will get WL
that would look so dope!
Damn is the new sneak peek a common or rare?
Anyone play flight rising dragon game
Really? I think Im one of them
imagine tx fees for a haircut or a meal
hahaha lets go bro!!!
And Im not one of those 500 people
incoming new profile pic lmfao
Hyxder im coming for ur spot bro!
i think that one is mid tbh there are 10 legendaries that are going to be part of the collection cant wait to see
Yeahhhh i like if mods are very active
you still have a chance at WL dont worry
Hahaha yeah we had some blacklisted people to deal with there
Robo wyvern got terminator vibes
Id say theyre going to have to be based upon the WL rules
Where do you see first 300 followers on twitter get WL??? Need this info man
damnnn already? nuilt diff
yaaa hopefully man. i think im the 100ish lolol early gang make sum noice
I wonder what the legendary ones are going to look like...
I think it would be common. Can see a lot of more texture available for rares
hahaha my g whats good
nice work! im coming for ya
everyone stay grinding....before others come for your spot
MEE6  The Discord Bot
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
Im at ten watch your back
Level two homies stand up
Lmao yeah I was think the same thing
imagine animations that would be sickkkk 5362bigpog
Everything bro! doing well
level 7 just the beginning
oof this ones is not gonna let up his spot haha LFG bro
Will this be the next Kaiju
sheeeez im at 9 now whatttt whats happening
Over 1500 members in a day with no invites is NUTS!! LFG EVERYONE
woaaa 10 is hard to reach haha
Hell nah lol oh wait i am lmfao
I followed Wyverns and the artist accounts to support as soon as I joined  the discord!
everyone wants what u got so work hard
I took 20 min off from my keyboard and lost 4 spots lmao. Chat is wild!
hows everyone doing today super hyped to be here
This project will blow up so hard I cant wait for it
nice my bro do you know how long this server been opened?
how did you hear about the discord?
imma sleep when im level 6. six is a good number
super mega hyped this gonna be huge
Does boosting increase xp or nah?
Oh wait level or rank? Im rank ten level five
havent been paying attention tbh
Rank 43 for now but its gonna be so much hard in a few days
i think like 5 hours or so
we are going strong in here aint no way we stopping
just hit 3 and i was feeling good about it lmao
Hahahahhaha so u rank 1?
damn i actually get busy at work soon fml
Welcome ser! Youre early. Get in the top 100 rank and youre in WL.
i agree just joined and already loving it here
aye cade your winter bear went on a diet or sum?
yooo i just got here wyverns are so cool!
look at the balls on this guy
thats the way its not a grind right. LOL
I got nothing but time these next few days
Random shill dm lmfao. My new research tactic is to read them all lol
once yall go to sleep its fair game for newcomers lmao
u bet ajjahahahahhaha
work hard  grind harder
how is it the members on discord only 1.5k ish? project like this should get 60k members instantly!! we going to the moon!
6 is a good number i hope they take the screenshot soon hahahaha
rank 24 im feeling good about this.
anyone know when they screen shot?
Is this for real? Cant find the announcement
LOL hes gone down a bad path rn working to recover
no sleep for the wyverns we grinding out here
Im a level 1 lol I will keep grinding until I reach like level 5 or more
I have my daughter from 4pm est until she sleeps  gonna be up all night holding the line boys
discord is only a couple hours old
we prefer quality vs quantity
I am getting blue chip vibes here. Just saying
Tell your friends.. bring them here 0
hmm i usually delete without reading maybe i should follow your strategy
They havent said they might also do multiple.
i stan for thisssss. keep it up. thank you so much!!!
Lol i thought level 7
im tryna get my rank up lesssgooooo
hold the line brother
super stoked to be here early
announcements roadmap
Same here. Ive had this whole week off from work so Im chillin
lmao its about to be a tight one man.
As you should! A good community is key to long term success
the 100 WL spots until when ??
This is a project that you hold for a looong time. long long long time
My grandfathers deck has no pathetic cards kaiba!
Yeah need to find time for a sleep as well lol
pixel projects are dope!
This server is growing fast
Is this team affiliated with kaiju kings at all ???
but i dont hab any frens
Christopher Ballin give me casino credits bro
ShihTzu would make it soooooo much more exciting if we disable the ability to check our rank
In the nft world sleep isnt an option
Sheeesh next Kaiju???
yes invite comps ruin servers sometimes
It has not been announced yet bro
now thats what we like to hear dance
bro I love yugioh! The theme song hits hard
Better. Were helping shelter dogs fren
Yeahhh i like pixels nft
organic growth PUPepeBlessPray
contest end date isnt going to be announced
its 553am here...and im putting in that WORK
lemme toss ur exodia cards into the ocean real quick bro
Dont know what it is about pixel art that makes people want to ape in
Go to sleep at 1am wake up at 4am pee and check floor prices wake up at 6am check prices again then off to start the day
it seems to be the trend rn but im not complaining its so clean and looks great
Even better since Im a Doge
have u watched loki in disney star?
noted on this. you can only check your rank every 6 hours
Wow.. where u from? Here 1.54am
Hey Hope. Good to see you here
Guys im in the top 100! Stop the COUNT!!!
idk haha the arts cool and utility is even better
Good thing is you have your whole day ahead! Youll love it here
!rob HyperBlast hahahaha imagine !dep all
Lmfao dives after them
do we know when its stopping?
Im loving the pixel projects right now lol
nope they are not. they are inspired by them and will actually approach Kaiju in the future for a potential collab
still need to watch!!! Heard a lot of good things about it. And also Squid game!
BRRRRRR its aight cos ill be back in this itch soon
WL announcement says they wont say to keep things interesting
We are gonna turn into old shrinking grannies in like no time here cuz of sleep deprivation hahahah
Yooo i just got a doge and puppy a couple weeks ago !
 You Boss... Gonna have to work over the next few days.. but I will try my best
welcome whats good whats up
bro i watched all the disney shows its crazy yall DEF need to watch loki before the new movies
hows everyone doing rn
LOL damn alrighty then.
same stop the COUNT!!! CMON Hahahah
Ayeee nice!!! Glad you joined the Doge gang
Switch place will you hahahahahhaha
damn straight homie ill be there
this gonna be a blue chip yooooo m a n t r a
oh prob should delete this one of your behind then
this looks like a very nice project
squid game very good  but i prefer alice in borderland
just an autograph please
Is it almost Friday. I need the weekend.
HAHAHAHA great times guys HyperBlast
Crazy hopefully we make it
Can definitely see it
oh damn the tension rises now
Hump day homie. We almost there.
humpday were almost there
is alice in borderland similar to squid game?
Need that color name
we want more sneakpeek!!
Me too! Its a true blue chip and that roadmap blows my mind! cant wait for the halloween drop
Thats a good system! People jam the bot checking rank all day lol
whos watched SQUID GAME?
no weekend for grinders hahaha
i love this idea damn
yeah this grey gotta go lol
thanks sir! i appreciate that
Havent seen that yet only squirt game
hi fellow Lyra member
I finally started to!!!! Its really good!
ignore the crypto market.. focus on the wyverns
Roadman does look nice excited for real
WOW nice announmentttt
we already pass humpday. going for friday reaaaal fast
LMAO great minds think alike
Haha it works man. And if you ever post in shill channels for invites read some of the ones before you. Most ppl only grind for something special so it is a chance to discover some.
damn everyone love squid game in here huh
Do we know where the team is from?
haha nice! its actualy will be good to deter the spammers too
we max minting pixels
do we have profiles of the teamowners?
Hope yall get the WL Im to busy for this activity stuff so I hope you all get a dub
yo this project is so fire
that f.lux though haha
that me bro im amint 100 wyverns watch me
this project looks great
theyre from discord bro
hope u guys are doing fine here
rin no you passed me
Started watching today and its so good Im on episode 2
yeaa  survival game. u should watch !
!gn we need wyverns official stickers and emojiiis
Yeah Im busy for this type grind to get on WL so hopefully I get lucky
haha apparently it has become the go to series for NFT peeps
Wyvern Bot soon??? MatthewSmoke that looks super dope mr.drake
Were you able to get the same ID??
hmmmm intersting Ill add it to my watchlist of 100 shows xD
im downloading f.lux because of you lmfao
dw im about to sleep soon bruh shid
ive been hearing a lot of people talk about alice in borderland. that good?
waowww here we goo the top 100
Im sure theres other opportunities! Its only top 100 but theres 1500 WL spots
ready to stay up all night
ShihTzu have all legendary wyverns been chosen?
u need to get to the end it gets even better
these look crazy like kaiju kingz x pokemon red type vibe! loving it!
Hyxder u know i found this group cause u retweeted this morning lol
We dont miss these fam. Wyverns gonna rocket
Alice in Borderland... whats that?
no i didnt try for same ID wouldve been cool tho
Dude it makes a HUGE difference. I got headaches from squinting  all the UV crap
ShihTzu you added the wings after my fanart was done PESCryHug  guess i have to add them aswell now haha
BRO alice in borderland is like squid games but imo wayyy better
decent show on netflix
pixel is better than 3D hahaha
bro flux is EYE CHANGING you doing them a huge favour
Heard Alice in borderland is dumb compared to sg
thats what I have been telling EVERYONE
only a matter of time before we get a shout out by dem boizzz
All my homies love Wyverns
heezus the community is on
yeah bro they all going to me ASkek
legendary wyvern sneak peaks will be dropped close to mint.
kinglove am glad you guys are here fr
aint too many built like me im tellin yall
When I wake up im probably out of top 100
Bro your telling me Im on telegramtoken promos then Twitter then on discord last on top of that have a irl job lol
Really? I prefer squid games
ap what good brotha nice to see you here
i could never convince myself to watch after the first episode is it worth ?
Ahh thats all good you got one of each though thats all that matters
this proj looks nicee
SO dumb after the first episode i didnt even wanna finish
yo borderline was so good i end up reading the whole manga no cap that ending got u going on a mind trip
Furry OG here! Ive also done some testing for the website!
hehe then Im going to pass you
This is going to be wild to get top 100. Just gauging the interest. Will be ridiculous
any notice on what mint day could be?
hopefully ive been spending so much time at my computer ill prob need contact lenses soon
is it a download? i need this lol
Can you go into types at all or different traits  ?
aint no sleepin in here i guess
we all love wyverns!! lets getit!!!
1st ep was whack next 2 eps change it completely
bean do you remember cade and i bro?
Yesss this trueee we cant stay awake 24 hours hahahhaha
Big facts. 3d aesthetics is meh
if uve ever turned on ur pc in the morning after waking up without flux ur eyes just kinda burn off
simple solution dont sleep hahahah
sleep is for the weak
Mr. AK we got a direct connection to the island ma boi
so good mann ! u should watch !!
Anyone holding animal society?
I can but not for a few days haha
its hard to compare things to squid
Wyvern Ws in the chat
Can a mod take off slow mode or put a better timer in chill cave please
grind life is back ayee
Is there a blue eyes white Wyvern?
literally. its too much to take in. Flux makes it breathable.
gotchu ill have to try it again after i finish peaky blinders
Yup very excited! and just picked up a Lazy Lion too
peaky blinders is so good
of course hows it going man
then it doesnt become chill anymore bro haha
cade the legend is back.
Damn guys check out sneakpeek awesome art!! Wonder if itll get animated soon pepethink
How you been doing man. Havent talked to you in a month or so.
Peaky blinders is gangster
almost done with the first season and its so good
series like Squid game ! u should add to your watch list on netflix
such a good show lol made cardio at the gym go by so fast
anyone seen money heist? watching it for the first time atm
animated art would look so good for these
I cant.. i must work.. i need sleep.. at least 67 hours
so tired ngl got school in like 4 hours 3am rn
WAGMI all you brother
one of my fav shows by far arthur best girl
been doing good still doing my thing but work keeps me busy
Its better to reward activity than have invite comp like some others
Yeah but I think its set to like a minute and 50 seconds so its a lot of time
i want to make it with all of yall
a 12 hour movie too not a short one
Damn i forgot rank chat slowmode for 6 hours
i just started watching animal kingdom anyone else seen?
dang it the WL competition comes at a terrible time for me LOL
need to watch peaky blinders seen some clips of it on Tiktok and it looks solid asf
i liked borderland more bc squid games just had too much rng for me
ive already watched peaky blinders ! cant wait for the next season haha
heard really good things on it!
Great to hear it bro. Nice to see you are doing good.
wut srsly rank chat slowmode for 6 hoursss? DAYUM
Peaky blinders is goat
Heard thats really good but never seen it
hahaha the sigma male grindset memes always get me but it really is great definitely a slow burn
you cant stop when you start its kinda old. four seasons i think but im just starting
i just got thru first season and its definitely worth it from what ive seen
Im watching Superstore rn
Just means it was too luck based
I like Squid Games a lot tbh its a vibe
Havent seen that one but the setting looks bad ass
Yessss try it u will amaze
yeah but how are you doing bro?
lmaooo yeah its literally sigma grindset videos
I see most of you everywhere. Grind Squad in the house
have u seen the korean show on netflix kingdom? shits wild
yo peaky blinders is so good man. one of the best series Ive watched so far
random number generated aka just luck. squid games was a lot about luck like glass game
Is Squid Games something I need to watch? I got sick of Netflix shows and got rid of it  barely have time for TV anyway
very good show man gotta watch it
Subtitles or english dub?
thank u for f.lux call whoever my eyes thank you now
thomas Shelby makes us want to smoke cigg loll
Ill have to check it out!!
bro ima be mad asf if i lose my top 100 i already lost 3 ranks not typing for 10 minutes
Ive been good still out here in Puerto Rico. How is out there in Oregon
stands for random number generator
u up to date with it?
Grind team in the building!
how long did it take you guys to get used to f.lux?
hey bro good to see u
oh im looking for something new to binge i will look ito it
Im a lazy one and watch it dubbed
if u have the time watch it. its overrated tho imho. i prefer alice in borderland
Ofc I watched it subbed!
Honestly pretty good. I moved the kids to a different school last week and they seem to be liking it and making friends. I guess Oregon isnt so bad after all haha
Selby make me wanna put razor blades in my cap lol
smh I couldnt do it its hit different with the subtitles lol
yoo i love ur winter bear looks so chill
cade How you doing mate?
best series on netlix for sure ! next season will be great !
tommy or alfie MatthewSmoke
Lets get it bro! We got this.
recommend me a series pls.
my friend up there asked if he should start Animal Kingdom
wspongevibe vibin in wyvern sunglassesvery3dcool
do i sleep or nah AShmm
Nice. Great to hear it. Ill keep grinding here bro so Ill se you often lol.
nothin but good vibess in here
FriedChicken  LEGENDS ya motha
im doing good how are you man
nah bro you will get it
yea man cant wait to see it!
damn this chat hyping up peaky blinders imma have to watch it asap corea
waowwww i hope i cn chill like u
KekW  yea he was my fave too
trust the processs ahhh
first ep gets u hooked
Lmao so good until it wasnt trash ending
yessir its a must watch
What are u talking about?
hes the best tom hardy is the goat
thomas shelby makes me feel like a gangsta
Any anime watchers.. o.o any recommendations?
Im chillin man glad to be here
Havent heard of that either. Ive been watching some FX stuff on Hulu Wu Tang Last Man and HBO Max Doom Patrol
Truth still the best show seasons 17 IMP
I feel embarrassed saying this but I have never watched it
Best Peaky Blinders character is Solomons
Peaky blinders is a great show def a must watch
well get through all the seasons brudda helpinghand
just dont stop watching if you find the first ep too boring
baki tokyo revengers are some of my favorites
The coincidence of us both being on this project is kinda crazy its like our friendship is meant to be bro Mendez
same here this is super hype
ughh last season made me sad tbh. spend yearssssss following that series and last season gotta be like that
i have not peaky blinders seems like a cool show though
so hyped for the next season man cant wait
I just started the Sopranos
Cosmic Wyverns will make waves!
peaky blinders is insane
Hyxder is my bestie 4L
ngl his accent is so distinct even if tries to switch it up! so good on most of the characters he played tho!
You honestly have to regardless of what people sayi
TR been on the list for a minute..might have to start it soontm
yeaa man wyverns gonna storm all the bearss
yeah the first ep doesnt put me off had that with a lot of shows but they end up being really good
Do you prefer watching it in original? I guess we kinda used to everything being always dubbed here in Russia for us so we are not very aware of the difference
tokyo revengers goated u should definitely watch it
you watched taboo? only 1 season tom and his dad wrote it and tom is the main character its unreal
Cant wait for it either been waiting so long
lamoooo why is it huge pause pepocloseasf
Man I need more sneak peaks these look sick
nobody wears suits better than those gangsters man
I might be biased because Hardy is my favorite actor
Really liking the artwork for this project
Welcome! Check out roadmap and faqs !
do we know where the Wyverns team is from!? would love to know
Who doesnt broo hahahhaha
i didnt like it that much tbh takemichi cried too much
anyone got anime suggestions? im into like death note psycho pass kakegurui etc
i fell asleep watching the first peaky blinders ep ngl laugh
has anyone watched prodigal son yet on netflix need something new to watch
peaky blinders is good but I finished it now. need something new to watch!
Do yall? Do yall really? lololol
yess hardy is the best actor lol
oh yeah you can hear the emotions in their voice
Yah my highschool friends been goin crazy abt it just might hve to 0
have u read the manga or only watched the show the manga is absolutelyinsane
PESInteresting no havent ill add it to my list! have u watched venom?
just started cowboy bebop think u might like it
it grows on you youre not the first person to tell me its a slow start
yes get it viewed asap nah i havent watched venom actually
Has anyone watched Shadow and Bone on Netflix?
Peaky is like the only tv Ive watched
This project giving me Kaiju vibes
def i already watched the show twice
not yet guess i have to now since u brought it up hahah
Was gonna recommend that one haha
wym the first ep is so good lol even the first like 10miinutes
A lot of good complex shows have slow starts theres just too much to share
Have you seen Wentworth on Netflix? pretty intense prison show
What if we started a HYPE train in chat?
venom was a good watch too! def get on it
weve only had a few sneak peeks and they are dope imagine all 3500 Wyverns feelsgreenman
i like serial killer movies  what should i watch?
haha yeah its amazing
Ayyy been waiting for season 2 for like 5 years
Just started midnight mass on Netflix pretty solid but definitely slow burn
Yeah its true. The best is of course to speak as many language as possible haha. My friend is learning her 7th rn its crazy
3 of us will comebine and make blue eyes ultimate
Enjoy the chat now while there only 1600 here.. gonna be off tap soon
ohohhooo kaijuuu will loseee i guess
pog1  ultimate blue eye dragon
the grind is like that....get ahead of fall behind.....you know how it be
because of that horse scene i thought it was a show about medieval magic or smthg
I know 1 and a half lol
wyverns on top already
My Wyvrn is gonna be Blue Eyes White Dragon
its good  but the ending is not good i think
interstellar absolutely phenomenal visuals and sountrack
Please Stay hydrated friends.
I will black dragon with fire eyes
That sounds sick  Good luck mate
chicken wing chicken wing hot dog and baloney chicken and macaroni chilling with my homie in the cosmic wyverns!!!
Yeah this chat is about be going super fast
Bomb ass community SHEEEESH
True. Its gets crazy pretty fast
And dont forget to stretch once in a while
LFG i hope i get a purple dragon
Yeah..  its gonna turn into smth else soon
hahahah yeaa but still hving good chats
I can just imagine how many popular dragons will be referenced for these
omg interstellar is lit hahaha
Yea.. this is kinda perfect now
Damn i just got an email from my ex manager saying she wont give me a good reference  i hate life again
Oooh I havent finished thanks for not spoiling
fr fr everyone here is a vibe 861688761661652992
mann its mind bendinggg
Man this is key. Some times I forget
is interstellar good ?
we staying healthy out here
whats rage channel for?
i never seen it either
OMG i want to watch finding dory i still havent yet
These little monsters are getting me hyped for the new pokemon remasters
Thank you for reducing the CD timer Bosses!!! 30 secs is more fitting atm
OH SHIT hoping there is  rayquaza lookin one
Letting out some rage
for newcomers to rage when they dont get WL lmao jk
its amazing i definitely recommend you check it out it was one of the biggest movies of the year when it came out so you know its great
I heard teletubbies cursed....
The grind is life but there is no grind without life.
whered u hear this from?
the dragons in sneakpeek look awesome
hope theres a jigglypuff looking one
861687609490276382  lets rageeee
dory is okay nemo is way way better
this ones gonna be sooo cute
Heard thats super good but never seen it yet
How toget whitelisted?
Actually that sounds way more fun Im about it
yeaa kinda like the story but the ending is bad
brahhh imagine flipping a kongz KEKW
endless possibilities
500 days of summer pepeclap
For now top 100 activity
Everyone here is gmi. So early here
thats a very nice anime
I hope this discord is as active after WL
Stonks!! Ngl that paper hat is beautiful
im tryna buy one when they get sub 7 hopefully soon
it is reaaaaallyyyy good. my most fave movie of all time. at one point i remember all the dialogue of that movie. DONT LET ME LEAVE MURPHHHH!!!!!
ive watched it 100 times lol
no not this this is a long hodl for me
imho weathering with you is better than your name AShmm
It will be bro! this project is
this project howd u know abt it!
okayy ill add to my watchlist hahahh
this is the calm before the storm. The discord really about to pick up hard!!
boonjiii reveall hows u guys doin
Still chance to be an OG  retain top 100 rank in server and you get it!
Why thank you you as well
To go on a rageeeeee lol maybe
i hope we all get WL! WLers WAGMI!
Sheesh wish I had the liquid for that! GL!!
top 100 only 488 active i love those odds
hahahaha unique channel
thats what im sayingggggg
Ok ill have to watch!! thanks
we definitely making it
Ez game bro. We got this!
yeaaa thats gonna be a though workkk thr
a smart friend of mine found out about it from kongz i believe and told me early then i started speaking to inu and now im an mtm maxi hahaha its so big brain just wait and see
So what nft u want to flip?
cant wait for more sneak peeks these look soo good
lfg some people consider this as a bad take though
OG is pretty much WL for now
Wish I can just be here all day to chat but I got work
only problem is im at work lmfao  gonna get busy in a few minutes
If you manage to get one you will be unstoppable
Its gonna take some commitment
Alright I am going to sleep see you tomorrow fam!
u really have to! after interstellar try all nolans movies. 1 director of all time.
bruh I mean this Wyverns kekexplode
So youre telling me you spent A WEEK of your life watching dory?
How do you go for whitelist?
This snapshot is unfair
This project definitely gonna be huge though FR Im genuinely excited to be here
just have genuine conversations with people and stay at rank 100
I sure hope so. Would love to get a legendary. Hodling that to my grave.
oh LOL i think cade linked it
Sad now... wyverns gonna have to turn this day around for me
your name just got that og  hype i dont blame them but weathering with you def had the better story and i love the unconventional ending
whats you guys personal favorite netflix movies
really good director all of his mvoies are so good
Yeah fair point brotha
Ayyy thanks for the recommendations bro!
Yessss until when? Ahhahahha
First most 100 active people for now
i havent watched nolan last movie haha
maybe try a friend to type for u ask him or sm
finally someone that agrees with me dababysalute
im spreading love and positivity today to you guys please pass it on!!!!!
nah wasnt me but ill take the credit PeepoClap
KekW  eyyy nice! we should rly get an alpha group going in mtm no?
oh i didnt know eth back under 4k
pass it pass it hehehe
i dont rly watch netflix movies but i watched alice in borderland recently p good show and kinda similar to squid game
we dont know when it ends tho PepeEyes
oh yeah Christopher Nolan is the GOAT
Oh dang so people with mee6 levels are going to get whitelist eesh
its already 2 AM right here
Yall watch Dune yet? Feel like its gonna be a classic like starwars
same to you! GWcmeisterPeepoLove
Lol exaggerating of course  but it feels like I have. gotta love kids haha
Damn i adraid to sleep
Lfg gang  wyverns on top
Haha no worries man. We are so early here
chillin in here all my homies in here are so nice wagmi
Nah I wanna interact myself
Have the sneak wing dropped yet?
yeah the essence is similar but alice in borderland got this japanese weirdness and i like it haha
Only the one.. its coming
heard of it but havent gotten around to it
Wish I was first 500 lol
Interaction is amazing for 550 online I cant lie
Yes 2 of them. They are fire. Go check them out!!!
Itll be at least a year no biggie
dont worry we will make it
I wanna see it so baddllyyyy too busy w school rn sosssa
You can stay active still!
i am getting hungry just looking at it bro...
OMG Shib and Floki are MOONING
I did not like alice in borderland lol the first episode was so bull lmao
ill definitely have to watch whenever i have the time
Why wyverns will be 25 ETH floor by the end of October
1. Most hyped NFT project of all time. World record volume on launch. Crashed Opensea.
2. Highest quality art with the best branding and scalability potential in the entire NFT space.
3. Once wyverns start selling for 1000000 these will become a status symbol and FOMO will kick in hard for whales and influencers. Especially with Twitter official verification.
4. The devs are doxxed experienced and have endless resources to do whatever they want and incorporate all the best ideas previous projects have used.
5. ETH is headed for 8k10k EOY meaning NFTs will have a massive influx of money coming in.
6. The mostviewed bored ape ever has 50k views. A random unrevealed wyverns already has 33k. wyverns has 210k twitter followers. Bored ape has 180k.
7. Only 1.5 of wyverns are listed below 25 ETH.
8. Coinbase is adding NFTs so 70000000 new wallets will be introduced into the space.
This things moving too fast Im trying to reply haha
wowww nice analysis mannn
Yah whoever in it r goin crazy rn
so hungry and sleep right now
gonna watch it in theatres in a few days going with friends
im with this guy lmfao
yeah insane pump happening with Shib
Its like I was number 600 so now I got too fight for snapshot then basically never get a chance again
Great analysis we all gmi
Order bro.. what time in ur place?
I watched it at home but I heard its sooo much better at the cinema bigscreens!
idc about the floor tbh. the art is sick. the people will come.
oo nice hope you have fun
What are youre thoughts on Avatar? I cant wait for the sequel
shiba going brrrrr fmd
There will be different opportunities for WL!
Wyverns we are all gonna make it!
I put 50 bucks in and it more than doubled hahaha Ill take it  my dad put in much more though
Ive got 56M shib  up 800 right now
yea a friend of mine still have 5 billions of shib. he now searching for cars to buy haha
Shib going parabolic geez
i had 25 in fiat for floki a month ago idk how its doing rn AShmm
Im already giving up on this considering the low chance of whitlisting
its like 8pm bro might have to order something
I dont think ill be able to bigscreen it probs gna have to be on discord w the boys sunglassesvery3dcool
am i too late for shib
sheeshhhh i think wyverns gonna moon
buy a GTR and then watch that thing STONKKKK
Goddamn  the return on it is crazy when did you get in?
where are you from bro? only noon here
I wouldnt recommend buying now
im up 100 on shiba haha
I say we got until Friday for the first snapshot
Hate it or love it Shib is pumping rn
u must be eating good now brother
Lets go bro I got 61 million! Wgmi
Hyxder I see you bro you are number 1 in the ranking
Actually insane big W had a friend put in 600 a whillee back can only imagine how he doin rn
wowww u r richhhh damnnn
U lucky still 8pm where u from? Here 2.16am
those will be a mill dollar car soon
Haha fr fr. Watch it at home. I always discord and movie everynight
one of my friends put money in but took it out whenever it went down. NGMI
Thats amazing good job to him!!
This is some quality pasta
i was a kid when it premiered and i loooove it. also need to re watch it before the second one come out!!
anyone from indonesia?
its pretty good isnt it
LFGGG man! To the moon
Hell yeah love the UK. Visited my good friend in London a couple years ago
cant slack for a sec even jeez triplemonkas
damn ..... grind .....
hahahah yeaaa mannn bring us to the moon with wyvern
Hope everyones doing well today
yep paper hands not making it LOL
Isnt Robinhood going to allow trading SHIB on their platform soon
Eithier you are a bot right  now and get whitlisted or you basically dont get whitlsited
Discord and movie is such a vibe ong
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
800 discord members in just under an hour!! This is insane!
OG roles have been filled. Whitelist details to follow.
No invite competitions for this one.
im from australia what about you guys?
Fine bro chilling wbu?
anyone here from sea ??
No doubt in my mind wyverns will explode
im from California! how about you?
as you can see chat is wildin rn 9201vibingcat69
hey guys how r uu doin
Make sure to stay safe from hackers and scammers
Im sure once I sleep ill go wayyy down lol
how often does the member stat update? at the top of the server? is it real time?
wow brooo i saw u in other server n here u come
yea its not much though haha only threw 30 bucks into it
Oh yea broo. My floki already 2x haha Imma ride this out and see how far its goin
the moderators are checking msg history of top 100 brother bots will not make it only real people. WAGMI
guys any netflix movie recommendation ??
yo whats good u watching the new season of mushoku tensei?
i think u need to keep on refresh it to reflect the real time rank
yeaaa was latenighthere but still enjoy chat heheheh
glad someone knew the reference ahaha
I told my cousin to get into shib. He is probably going nuts right now. Haha shib changing livesss
Its hard to know where to get off and not be greedy
the new season is out? no way i love that show
Some people got work and cant be available for a snapshot
omg u r such a passion nft lovers here
lol botcommands is set to 6hour hahaha
Damn 800 members within the first hour
all about the grind ser
wassup whre u from man??
I cant wait to watch this im a binger so i wait till release i loved s1 so much
yup so no constant spam LMAO
Damn SHIb mooning 247
bots are gna come in here eventually
Thats true.. u must reach top 10 to make u safe
Yeah fr this is just the beginning
yeah s2 5 episodes in
I think we have a ways to go. Even if it corrects I am holding
Does anyone here have kids like me?
what is the requirement for wl?
makes it more interesting to see how it changes in 6 hours
I mean what are you doing with your life if you dont know? Jk jk
Good thing Im at ten right now
If it was any other system it would be fair but this way someone will suck up to the mods and team for today then bounce after being listed just dosnt make sense tome
Oh I thought you were from Europe for some reason  I am from Russia Moscow. Our time zone is really different then haha
hehehe what u doin heree
no bots they will be checking
Man the past couple days was crazy with big discord servers getting hacked
yea im definitely gonna have to hop back onto it loved the first season
i dont think so this looks like a HQ project
We hit 1600  keep inviting your friends over lets get it popping even more we have a long way to go
anyone here from indonesia ??
when the bots do come in here pls make sure the early grinders are rewarded
probablyy havin fun chattin with them
Yeah agreed man it will dip as they always do and then bounce back 2x stronger
damn my man is number 1
no no the devs gonna do smthng about it.
Just curios lol they make me twice as busy
If you were here yesterday during the first few hundred people the whitlist felt like a possibility but not this this seems impossible
woww how long u been here
NFTs are a good buy rn BTW market is down!
Okay now u can sleep hahahahahha
a lot of AYAYA in the chat starting fire force today
hahaha well im half German so ive been to Europe a lot  Oh thats super cool id love to travel to Moscow sometime!
bruh Hyxder been here for a minute
yeah no1 likes bots w
They always do but active devs can fight em off
already finished them
always better to buy at a discount!
we all put in mad work in here lessgoooo
Ah I couldnt watch it tbh. Did you enjoy it?
depends on what u put in really hahaha. I had 67mil and i cutlossed at 0.000007 my average was 0.00001 to get into NFTs.  A decision that i would do again if i can go back in time. Still got more profits in doing this than holding shib haha. The story is different when u got 500M or over 1B tho like when u got in really really early. Now thats a lot of money
yessir we going a long way here
Just hold tight. Dont get caught up in the hysteria. Shib will change some lives
Yah ... Lot of known faces ... How was your day?
probably few hours agoo how bout u
hello mr friedchicken how are you
fire force is decent but I stopped watching it...
This is true when crypto drops NFTs will pump
You about to see a whole lot of him here bro haha
yeaa just got here hehehe enjoyyy boiss
Nice bro! only been to Miami once for Ultra Music festival hahaha
yea I loved it.. was clever. What do you like on Netflix rn?
waiting for the last part of money heist
We could also do our part and report bottersspammers
Miami is lit. Gets more lit the older you get lol
what music you guys listen to?
bots are inevitable....some of those people have like 20 discord accounts and theyre all mates and they send all their bots and flood the server
why ? im intrested in started you werent liking it ?
woww i like Miamiiii heheheh
Love the positive energy man I hope I could really do with the W
Smart decision. Yea thats alot but if you sell now might not get back in until bear. So gotta hold
Fineee broo hbu? Not sleepy?
how do you even get put on to a lit server like this so early. i need better plugs !
Yep its gonna be crazy
little bit of everything but i love old 70s and 80s music
awwww what u hv for lunch
tidurrr bangg uda jam 221
tell me about it lmao
just have a good project lmao wyverns look amazing
haha hell yeah! well im 30 so how much more lit can it get?
the bots are working overtime
OKAY WTF IS HAPPENING TODAY... just got a letter in the mail now that i owed 350 from 1.5 years ago and no idea what i did... worst day in a awhile
The next NFT bull run will be the biggest ever
I watched season one only.
2 and a half men miami 3
very sleepy but FOMO imma sleep at 230...... cape banget yak grind terus nonstop LOLOLOL hope its worth it thou
anyone here indonesian?? hahahah
i love NFTs i think theyre amazing.. what do yall think
Yess im already sleepy but what rank i am now damn
I heard it was really really good
Its very good the animations are on point. Just started watching other things haha
is it from collections?
awww i watchedd all seasonnnn
Yeah I love travelling myself! Hopefully this COVID stuff will end soon so we all can come back to our lives. Tomorrow we are going into another lockdown here in Moscow. Ffs it just never ends
i have no idea it doesnt say.
Its pretty good bro.. Do you like anything on netflix wtm?
yeaa man money heist best movieee
I am already loving this community. We are buildng something special here!
Make getting whitlist more possible pls. People will come out today for it then leave till mint day I dont understand why we are doing this style of whitlisting can the mods do something else
I threw in 1k couple months ago so Im chillin. Gotta remember to take profits on the way up though
im indonesian. very similar language thou we are from 1 root
Everyone here so early
Yeahhh hope this worth it if bot this really waste my time
How much is it now???
oh so u r the money heist lover oso???
ministry of justice canadian
Im sorry that was rude
what other projects are you guys looking at?
mint price doesnt matter if the art is amazing as this  one is.
I watched 3 couldnt watch more lol
gang gang we in here working
ure at 13 boss. sleep now! wagmi together!!!
was it a fine? Ive never gotten shit from the ministry of justice lol
money heist literally the best series ever HAHAHA forever tokyo
Yeah Im the same hard to know where to draw the line take a bit and regroup
yeah should be good. Sleep is important as well last thing you want is to get burnout!
yea mannn hehehe u watched all
tryna see my name turn blue ya get me
are u malay or indonesian? sheeeeees hurrah
I hope gas chills out
I started watching Squid games want to watch Lucifer soon haha. But not enough of time with all this grind here
yeaa mannn i watched it in one shot
yeah it was a fine from feb 2020.. idk how i got this
Yall make sure to stay safe when minting from bot announcements
nah but im from malaysia though 9201vibingcat69
Oh noooo! Im sorry to hear that. Yeah COVID has ruined travel... cant wait to get out there again. I finally took a vacation to Hawaii recently that was much needed
Currently I am not watching anything bro.. But I can suggest the old tvs
Mine ended with one lol.
what time is it in your country?? its already dark in here
Oh Squid games is good of course... reminds me of parasite if you have seen that. Also Lucifer is awesome.. is there a new season?
keep rollin mate hahahah
230AM and Im still here
we call it tipes in Indonesia. LOL wont stop until tipes gets us. FriedChicken  LEGENDS Kristopher Lukas
when did this server open?
Bro the mods need to change their whitlist system this sucks
Anyone getting Diamond or Pearl next month?
wow lucifer i havent watch it since season 3 lol
Nahhh youre good man im in my PRIME
Have you watched Alice in borderland yet? I highly recommend watching that if you like squid games
oh shit boys we made it to level 9 my mother doesnt love me
like a driving fine? or something else. cool if u dont wanna say lol
already watch the latest season i think there wont be other new season
We love you though just as good
i think the system is fine honestly  rewards active real people
U check me? Hahhahaha not top 10
wdym I think its good
Parasite is awesome... Lucifer kinda like it.
This one looks insane
I m watching gilmpre girls rn does that count as old tv?
its ok were brothers! were from the same root! i rly dont get why malays and indos got a lot of beef tho lol
Spr3adsh33t spr3adsh33t
    Current GAStimates
    Greatest Guzzlers Last 5 Mins
    Uniswap V2 Router 2
    Shiba Inu SHIB Token httpst.coXOpFNmQvIu
    Charts coming soon!
yooooo this looks dope asffff
whats up guys! hows yall day been
Oh it was crazy I guess it was the last normal day before tomorrows lockdown here so people were everywhere. Traffic were crazy it took me a couple of hours to arrive home haha. What about you?
Nah this whitlisting is dumb all these people r bots
i dont know! it doesnt say
Thats amazing need it
im also chinese indo lol
Been pretty normal in Canada so far probably wont be long will they put us in lockdown again
god damn gj man WAGMI
imma sleep for 3 hours hope i still wake up to top 5 bruh
Thank God I have Shib
you inspire me everyday
She will love you cause WAGMI
95 of people are bots right now
as long as you in the top 10 you gucci
yea same i like this system
Living life on the edge
do we have a set launch date yet or not yet?
Respect the dedication
you think people will just spam im sure the developers said if they see spam they will blacklist those from whitelist
Alright... we got all this Netflix talk... Lets hear it best movie of all time?
i thought bot will type the same words tho
maybe ur a robot feelsTastyman
not yet? hmm hopefully by end of november would be nice
Really looks like a lot of convos going on to me
 im your mommy and i love you
Until this was announced it was quiet now all the bots show up trying to get whitlist so they can flip
yup i ctrl  f you 13 is gooood enough broo
faq says 2nd or 3rd week of november
the GANG in here lessgooooo
ahhh ok sounds good cant wait
The age of dragons hasnt passed. They were just in deep slumber. Global changes have them awakened..... Are we ready for them?
appreciate you kings WAGMI
As long as you try to commit to be active to real conversations theres no worry level 9 does look like a grind though ahhhaa
Chat going crazy theyll probably increase slow mode soon
my favorite movie might be wolf of wall st mostly for nostalgic reasons
Fk man wish I had SHIb
to be honest very low bots here
How can I make a text like that ??? Lmao
yeaaa we fking readyyyyyy
All these people gonna leave once this snapshot taken unfair for those who care
i think murder on orient express plot twist was
got to level 46 in another discord lets get down to business
Bots always trying to cheat
Yea its a classic.. Jonah Hill is awesome
i hope that means first screenshot was taken hehehehe
not actually chinese indo thou like all of my grandparents were originally from the mainland but migrated to indo coz of   lol
lets gooooooooo wagmi boys
use spoilers  text here   like this!
am naked in case it gets too hot
Oh great!!! Definitely much needed! This year because of these crazy restrictions I could go only somewhere to Russia. Do I finally visited the famous controversial place  Crimea
I was home all the day did nothing. Mine was boring
Dont worry still not too late  also you can find the next Shib! There will be more and are more!
gotta chase that bag idk
That would be nice hahaha
Oh damn.. no spoilers!!! I gotta watch it
anyone born in the year of the DRAGON????
its getting crowded in here hahaha everyone be grinding real hard
aye man perfect timing. I hv to complete a 2000 word essay and a 10 page assginment in 1 night so we will be going off. Good bye everyone will come back in a few hrs
LFG!!!! i am excited D
chat hasnt stopped for hours lmao
funnily enough i am dec 4 2000
lmao nah im year of the pig lmao
year of the monkey for me
Im gonna buy everything besides shib now hope I make it
Top 100 is easy man I am close to top 20 and I started like an hour or 2 ago. Just chill and vibe. We got this!
How about u? I must at top 10 to sleep
Dragon these balls
coldstar We are launching.... now
Its not when you have a life
dont dox urself mang hahahah
you should watch it man your mind will blown.. i swear
man dragon balls are so good
Oh shit daddy you are younger than me
Wyverns i see you tomorrow
yes ser born in 2000 here
Alright i will... thanks bro
im at 9 lol like all the top 10 are still grinding here
is that on netflix yet? never got around to watching it in theatres
The grind is life ser
No way.. Dec 5 2001 here!
.. Late birthday did no 2000 for me
my brother was born then ahhaa year 2004 for me
damn we got some DRAGONS in here!!!!!1
Oh Ive seen people talking here about this one recently! I guess I need to check it out as well now. Thank you  Did you enjoy it?
hope everyones having a better day than me
You guys so young lol
goodnight and goodluck bruvva Shox
Ohhh nice! I just had to look up some photos of Crimea and it looks really nice actually lol. But yeah i really want to do a Europe trip soon just wanna travel again
Damnnnn u should sleep let me handle this
yooo thats wild dance3
We BREATH out bots here. Our  Moderator will roast them!
You referring to the anime?
year of the dragon? woah sounds pretty cool o
good night bro talk to you tomorrow PESHeart
currently rank 3 rn. By the time I come back I hope I stay top 10 gn or gm for za ppl in the world
its an old movie i watched it few years ago
yeah damn everyone is fkn working....im feeling the lack of sleep now tho
none of the bots GMI get em out of here
this robot wyvern looks amazing
wishing you all the best prayge
I dont wanna see any homies being scammed
So is the art pixel based? And is the full roadmap out
Fr ppl better not be scammed
that will be grind but you got this hopefully i will be top 100 by today
Yes I think its better than squid games in my opinion!
Bots dont stand a chance
nop jan here!  capricorn P
V1 roadmap is out! roadmap
im super tired fuuhhhh
noooooo u go to sleep!! lololol handle this using my discord account?
lets cook them boys chief show em how its done dragons got that ish on LOCK baby
what time is it for you?
Hahaahhaahah really sleepy
I need to see a legendary! Lol
Thats what im talking about!!!
Special of the day! Roasted Bots
project looks sweeeeet
si senor yo soy del rancho soy de botas y a cabballo!
Ah yeah and all these vaccination seems like doesnt work 2 years later  and the same stuff
eglence Pepe pepecsgo
any plot twist movie  series recommendation ?? and dont recommend me to watch gone girl already watched it
Man my lunch break ending soon I dont wanna go
Um bacalhau pra estes gajos todos
wyverns look so cool im buying off secondary if i dont hit and i dont do that for many projects
same im like a zombie right now only got 34 hours of sleep these past 4 days. grind life
haahha where you work at?
dont leave us bro rollsad
Have you seen momento or Law abiding citizen?
Gonna be like the bots here I guess and spam until I get top 100 Atleast Ill stay while they leave with a whitlist
im gon smoke up now its lit
Love dragons man. Was looking for one
en mi culo amigo es la verdad!
We are going to miss you!
Fav tv series is Limitless so sad that they couldnt continue  theres also a movie for it too
not sleeping for the next 5 hours
I need to leave but at the same time I cant leave
Go to sleep broo.. health number 1
aight imma be back PepeEyes
I work for a medical device start up company in the Bay Area!
Siri play Asher Roth  G.R.I.N.D
Sleep is for the weak
where u headed? off to work finally? lmao
hit the hay man not worth putting your health second
with that dedication bro YGMI
Boring is better than crazy hahah but its ok gonna be boring for me for the next couple of weeks as well haha
Sleep def for the weak
what is a sleep? i only know grind wyvern
All about the grind! LFG WAGMI!
Yep.. check them out  I think they awesome psycological thrillers
Health is first everyone!
Im scared when I fall asleep ima lose 50 ranks with the way this chat is moving
oh damn that sounds dope those startups are always busy!
HEALTH FIRST dont push yourself D
Bruh this snapshot shit makes no sense
memento is   v mind fk i love it
Ill def be back after work
i watched limitless! its good. Was based on a movie right
Okay so they said the tokens will be used for something and that they already know what for. Does anyone have clues at to what they will be redeemed for?
Nah there is no health when grinding
the movie is so good with bradley cooper
I dont see any bots in the chat. Just real ppl building a great community!
poppin off in here damn
Haha can you check your rank?
itll work out in the end bruh! peepolove
you saw the show too? Hes in that one and its also pretty good
YES SO GOOODDD they cancelled it bc ppl literally were not smart enough to comprehend itactually the saddest thing
thank you man gonna add them to list.. theres this recent horror movie called medium people said that these movie scary af
Yes were pretty busy  really good experience though
popping off with 1.6k discord members imagine when we 10k
I have to wait 6 hours in botcommands but I was too 20 when I last checked
absolutely im about to take a break soon
popping off in here now its lit
Its a bunch of accounts and alts trying to get whitlisted trust me
i thought it was a different actor? Is he in it all throughout the show?
Ive noticed I started to loose sleep the more I get into the NFT space
i dont doubt it theres always something to do in a startup so definitely a lot too learn haha
what time is it for you guys? 333 am here
yup mr bradley cooper
You should get more sleep man I hope its not affecting your mental health!
I know about to quit my job lol
same here as much as i love being here. got other stuff to do
Not a huge fan of horror films to be honest..
yeah me to man! Lost a lot of sleep haha
wow. much insight lolol
So you are on full lockdown? How is the covid situation? I will take second vaccine tomorrow.
its 934 pm for me haha EU Gang
Very nice! Proud of you
you are 18 right now on the leaderboard
95 of these people will be gone once snapshot is closed same thing happend yesterday after og closed
Remember not to just grind but have good conversations
anyone here watched medium ??? i want to watch it but dont have the gut in me hahahaha
Pause please here 2.33 am hahaahahha lol
the main character is a different actor but bradley is in it still quite a bit
Ayyy bet I was 14 a couple minutes ago seems like people are grinding
Anyone know the mint amount?
Yea nothing is really scary imo.. psycological thrillers are where its at
 lucky u get good times for drops haha
the jumpscare horrors are so shit psychological thrillers are where its at
fr those hit different
Point is that some of these people dont feeder right it just cause they spammed chat all fat while others wanna be here for the long run
me too im more into scifi and fantasy hahaha how about you?
Nice ape hahaha cheers!!
yeahhh jumpscares suck i agree
not sure i think its on the twitter page around 3000
How do you check other peoples rank?
Seeing a lot of apes in here
Do the ! Levels command to see leaderboard
you can check the mee6 leaderboard
bro did you just copy Rechinballs homework but changed it up slightly so
 the teacher wouldnt notice
Dam i fell asleep for a moment
wait wtf we said the same thing lmao
Biba. Tas a ver o Benfica ou qu?
Jk I wish it was gn sad
Same! Where you from?
when jumpscares are unexpected they do scare your soul out
I hate horror movies wanna watch one w me .
the babysitter on netflix is good tho
Anyone excited for Pokmon Arceus
gonna wake up and grind! too late now
haha sure do you have Netflix?
i honestly think grinding here is more like a getaway from my RL job its affecting me moooooar lololol
335 pm for me here on the east coast
Great minds think alike..
yeaa its midnight heree hahaha
i heard about that might actually try it out soon
im from perth gmt 8 gang
Thats a horror movie?
obviously but its such a shit way of getting an audience scared
Yeah it was really good nice warm climate palms lots of fruits the sea lol. I want to go to Costa Rica Peru Amazonia sometime soon they sound really cool. Also Im curious about Morocco and its goats living on trees  Have you seen them?
in a good or bad way?
235 AM here in Jakarta
Hell yeah Im from Lafayette!
take rest bro! long way for us to go
Went and saw titanic at imax in Melbourne. Had water pass over my feet during the sinking scene. Thought it was awesome. Until the lights came on movie was stopped and we were told to leave as the roof was caving in.
yea its pretty dumb but the kinda dumb thats on purpose
have yall seen glumpy anywhere
I like that theyve already partnered with mmorpg this could be exciting!
Wheres everyone from?
Yes!!!!! Those goats on trees! Its on my bucket list!!!
Niceeee early wake up
no way im down towards lake charles area haha
noo its pyschological thriller you should watch.. theres 2 part  and boy theres plot twist in the end
Fr? you from perth? We needa link up
nah bro been grinding last hour and a bit hahahaha
my RL work is such a piece of shi but it pays for my NFTs and lifestyle LOLOLOL
Yeah bro north of river
I just finished squid game honestly I dislike the mc a lot
Haha yeah most horror movies are like that
Its like if this snapshot dosnt work out then basically nothing will get you whitlisted if not lucky
 Hurricanes were so bad  I drove through all of the destruction a while back
Was pretty cool scart AF at the time
Oh cool! Deffo gonna check it out then
Okay thennn letsss sleepp hahahahha
its more of a comedy tbh its soo funny
Ah shit im south of river haha hella close to city tho
same and thats all that matters
oh yeah hurricanes suck... hope yall are safe
Any NYers oO big reppin?
yea i had to move away from here for like 9 months because of the hurricanes
bro i can see his pecker wtf!
Chat popping so hard shook
That sounds so cool! Yeah ive always wanted to go to Costa Rica too. You should go to Kauai too its an island on Hawaii. Very tropical and so many amazing beaches and hikes. Hahaha no i havent seen the goats!! ill have to look it up
Look at these bots damn...
DAMN  Im sorry about that
We are all on a great journey and wagmi
why you lookin there bro..
hope i got enuf of a lead....gna be back in 8 hrs or less so i hope ill still be ok LOL
i want to travel so bad haha
oh thats dope as hell bay area is nice
Yessir this me chilling
I be having hurricanes every year man
Fr! I love the community here
woahh id love to go to hawaii maybe one day P
you from america bro?
im good now at least haha finally got settled into a place hoping for no more storms
ya so cant really complain
Oh good luck with that? What type of vaccine are you taking?
Ah I guess its not that good otherwise they wouldnt do lockdowns  We can go to buy food and thats pretty much it so pretty harsh one I guess..
Interesting Ill def check it out when I have time. Added it to my list!
Yeah the world just really hates Louisiana huh?
Where would you go bro?
what lvl is everyone now
where you want to travel too?
Was scary man. They way they were explaining it was like the whole place was gonna collapse. It was like 1 sheet torn up hemeraging water.
LOL justhit lvl 3 with that msg
asia is nice to travel aswell ngl
yeah hopefully i can start to travel again next year
i wish my country has 4 season tho we only have summer and rain season
basically lmao had a tornado warning today too bruh
We got this fam. Keep pushing
so much spam these people are not real im sure many og not real
me too. wheres the first place u wanna visit after all borders r open
You should! Id highly recommend it
They are pretty cool huh?
im over 9 thousand already
I think im like almost 3 big Ws
Whens that double xp hittin? lol
Ayo so who wanna play valorant
dm inv me to the server w that sticker i want it
cant wait to hae more chats with the ppl here
No way D I moved to Texas a while back never get storms anymore haha
oh i will defs put it on my bucket list haha!
botcommands is set to 6 hour so icant really see what level i am right now haha
Tornado weather is exciting sometimes
never been to america or europe i wish someday i could visit hhahaha
yea it kinda suxx but makes sense
I dont play it.. dont like
yeah im so used to it now but its pretty interesting haha
lmfao double xp weeked
Fr I lowkey liked it tbh
calmin oddly enough lol
I mean you can always check their logs if you have your suspicions
the closest one is Singapore usually go there like 12 a year. And maybe S.Korea after that
bruh play csgo its better lmao
I dont hav time for that
Whats wrong with Louisiana?
shiii i love singapore havent been in ages tho
Just gets a ton of Hurricanes and shitty weather haha
Any apex legend players  or osu players
Very cool! I have a lot of family in Germany but im from California
I was wondering this too
wait wer r u from? closest to my country also SG. ive missed twice of my annual universal studios halloween horror nights
gonna hit the sack in a short while guys
constant storms every year it sucks so bad
gn guys see yall soon
ohhh thats nice never been in cali sadly
Ah I am taking vero cell. Its from china.
99 of this chat right now is spam and bots
I used to play so much back in uni back when skin gambling was a big thing
lots of discord hacking lately be careful
Ahhh I see Ive always been in the west coast so I never really thought about how it is in the East coast
Come to Texas with me!
What are you talking about.. we all just chatting
bali is now open for foreigners you guys should visit bali! best place on earth ahahah beautiful sea and nice locals
THIS! make sure u guys staying safe and not using leaked pws guys
Wheres everyone from?  drop ur flags
yea i did a road trip from Bandung  Bali back in 2019
oh youre SG? MY here bro neighbours
i was born in texas but moved when i was a little kid always wanted to move back there honestly
haha fr had to use it as my pfp
Bro its people who are showing up for this one second and theyll be gone I dont have time to point them all out look at the convos look at all the LFG
fr plus everyone thats spamming is gonna go nowhere
omg love the community here hahah
nope im from indo bro neighbooooorss
Nice mate!  Where from?
Bro ur ranked above me. Just chill and vibe. Wgmi
are you indonesian ??
oh still neighbours my man!! haha
where are the sussy impostors
whose from malaysiaaa
Bro regardless its not real people they just in it for the whitlist
Cali in the Bay Area!
awww im from asia how bout u brooo?
i saw ur chat history and ur just whining
What you stressed out for?
Lets get an Inner Circle NFT house in Texas LOL
SEMANGAT GUYS!!! means keep fighting in english hahahahhaha
i need to leave to get food but dont wanna leave discord what to do
Youll have to sometime! theres always something to do here
Spam is great on a budget lol
Yea I really dont see much spam here.. just a bunch of conversations all happening at once
you picked the dopest one
How old is this discord btw!?
be positive man. Some are not real but some are. Its very easy to tell.
I feel you bro. We will see. Would love to build this into a great community
I think it just opened this morning at like 9am est
yo bro that sounds sus!
Im disappointed in the style of whitlist if you were here earlier youd get it
jamaicanjesus  from malaaysiaaa HAHAH how bout u ?
Bro did you watch The Sopranos?
i still havent taken a look at the sneak peeks
very new! if youre here YGMI
still helps build the community more organically than invite competitions
Finallly i am back to grind
yupp haha. I am indonesian.
i thought u are hasan. sry lolol scared a bit
yup invites are usually a mess. Glad they went with this option.
Same there isnt much if any WAGMI lfg or anything like that lol
No.. thats one I havent watched.. I know its a classic.. Worth watching?
oh thats dope i was born in taiwan but im in seattle rn
I am positive in terms of the project Im sure this will be amazing f the mod team is absolutly great they are responsive and they do look for bots thats a huge benefit
861688761661652992 2
Yeah google them I didnt believe it was real even at first hahahah. Yeah Hawaii sounds really cool as well. Although its a bit of a pain in an ass for us to get a visa to you guys.. You know all this annoying politics which stops normal people from seeing the world But I deffo need to try to visit it  The world is full of really cool places!
Yea thank god!... Hate all that
indonesian pride man hahahaha i miss visiting malay tho i like the food there i tried sotong there and its so damn good
waowww i been to seattle bfrr
the thing about bots is the numbers that is the real pain of fighting them
lol i dont want to imagine hasan in this project. scary
I hope you think Im real bro
I hope we all make it guys
fr i hate when people just post msgs like that
they have a good alpha chat believe it or not huge brain dev and some good degens
how did you like it? its pretty bad rn with all the homeless people
Hey bud! How you doing?
Thats crazy!! Doesnt even feel like Im early lol. Chats flying already
Welcome all new wyvern gang
do you watch kdrama???
haha for sure man you a real one g stickdance
Yes bro must watch. BTW I watched most of the Imdb top 250 list.
What has a good alpha chat?
isnt the floor super cheap too might get one honestly
im hella hyped for this project to release wbu guys?  wyvern gang
Everybody here deserves a chance I hope you all get whitlisted
does squid game count as a kdrama?
This is key. I only grind organic stuff now tbh. These communities are the best around
uwu girls genuinely worth getting in its cheap af
same LOL ptsd for a moment
any thoughts on Halloween bears?
hi man WAG ! lets keep grinding
Hmmm can u dm me the os I might cop then shrug
is it really a drama though? lol
I see a lot of nice people showing up Atleast I didnt see before so thats good
yea there will be plenty of chances after too but i hope everyoen who commits to the community wins
it is? i havent started watching seriously is it any good?
Ah ok! I dont know a lot about it. But probably will be one of the best hopefully you will feel great after it tomorrow
what should i eat for dinner now
ima cop one but gas is way too high bruh
It reminds me of stringify lol
they do be scawwy tho w
looks rly good might cop this
taco bell ??? hahahah
LOL idk if hasan is on yesterdays drop of polar bear but its got botted hard. 280 in one transaction lol
WAGMI bro. You a real one! danceguy
Is ETH finally chillin    ??
gonna be bad for tummy
so many drops are getting botted now a days
Its p interesting i definitely enjoyed some weird parts but other than that all good
fr lose so much on gas wars. thats my only gripe about public mints
fr bro gas got me fd up
yea gas is way to high to cop tha sheeeesh
ik i kinda want eth to crash so nfts have anotehr run haaha
ifkr if it isnt frontrunning its scams
Gas makes me depressed
didnt he admit to it? lol
 The one who will call you daddy
Tummy is not the worst part
Yah I have civil service exam day after tomorrow.
its been stupid the past day
how many dogs yall gonna mint
but its goodd hahaha another idea. instant noodle ?? i
Once ETH 2.0 rolls out youll never have to worry about gas. NFTs will be booming!
what should i eat for dinner guys? gimme ideas heh
Shall we sleep? For fairness hahahaha
 Wyvern Gang!  Chain!
n its all because of shib 2iq market feelsTastyman
this 1 looks nice tho! httpsopensea.ioassets0xf75140376d246d8b1e5b8a48e3f00772468b3c0c8339 if only gas wasnt high
so high for no reason bruh
Oh yeah you should read a lot tomorrow then lol
looking at the london eip i doubt thats actually true
bacon cheeseburger yessir
idk if its hasans bot or not hahaha I heard people are asking on his private discordtwitter
worst part is that its not that hard to stop them either theres a couple of projects who had rly good solutions and ensured smooth minting
hmm interesting idea.. will give it a try!
its almost 3 in the morning here im hungry  should i eat ??
3nt1ty reveal but i dont wanna mint cus gas
let me check gas price for it
ya what I heard is he paid someone for the bot
Today was the last opening but I got entry through backdoor lol
make sure to stay safe
omggg this is sickkkk
I am just holding onto hope!
I lowkey like the nonwing version
Late night snack never hurt anyone
sad that he continuously destroying projects
How do you know what rank you are
i nid it tooo so sickkk mannn
but im going to vacation soon gonna keep my beach body in shape
they both good but if the wings have animation thatd be amazing
oh thats absolutely brutal holy
Howwww? Lol I cant even send a message on queue
245 gas?? LOL thats terrible
The red eyes with the wing combo is fire asf
creature toadz was botted by hasan too so i heard
yea ima get one but wait for gas to die down haha
yup... its half the price of the NFT itself man LOLLL
doing fantastic buddy
Its ngmi for me . Killed all of the time grinding but I will take the exam hahaha
what lvl is everyone now
Bro I keep getting spammed with so many hapebeast scams lmfao
man i was scared to go to sleep earlier and i am even more scared right now lol
Ok well listen I was discouraged but Im gonna try now I am a little upset but I think I can do it because this community is worth it and the team behind it is incredible
fr wtf thats nasty. Was the mint even worth it after fees?
Animated pixel  I ape
Havent checked yet will check later haha
Gas has been hundreds all day
havent check it yet just gotta grind man hahahaa
thats why solana and no gas nfts like imx will do so well in the future
that is the rule my friend
Hahaha hopefully we will succeed here my friend
nah thats just for something on opensea havent minted anything today
should I study or go to sleep? or perhaps chat w u guys heh
yup hasan managed to mint like 300 toadz cause of a bug with contract. The dev for creature bought most of it from him.
Bro you are ranked like 20 out of 100. Ez game
Doing great class got cancelled sunglassesvery3dcool
what project are you talking about
Just got to do my best to continue being top of the 100 today by any means necessary
thats the move nowadays i swear
Yep so NFTs are all down. But NFTs are gonna pump reall soon whenever it goes down haha
ECHO you passed me bro
What exam you got bro?
yup 500 creaturetoadz i heard
NFTs always up bro forever
Was anyone on wl for bearx?
hasan the owner of a bot i believe
currently looking at many nfts
same my 2pm class did so i have nothing till 5
gonna grind for another 10 minutes and im gonna go to sleep
i nid one of ur pfp HAHHA
damn that guy is seriously printing money with his ransom plays
hasan just another nft guy
This one. The team is awesome while yeah getting top 100 activity not easy for many the team is fantastic I spoke with them last night and they were really nice
pretty talented dev used to develop for sneaker bots
Very smart my dream is to own a Cool Cat
bro why is botcommands on 6 hr slow LOL
pixel art is my fav gives me nostalgia
fr every 3d art project i see does horrible
No fudders in the wyvern Fam
this one blew up way too quickly lol
SRSLY HOW COME. u was on  earlierrrr keep on going bro imma pass out in a minute
Hes the guy thats been hacking into every project?
Its crazy what has happened Do you think they will recover this situation?
last night? you heard of it yesterday? how did you not get OG role? LOL
So  ppl dont just keep checking their rank... its about building community
fr smart guy he made a killing. Most people wouldnt have even spotted the issue with contract.
yeaaa wyverns gonna be stronkkkk
they want people to grind instead of just spamming to see their rank
im not sure but i think so! the discord still has hella members D
have to go back to real life for now
MonkaS not mr bogged himself
I appreciate them giving people a chance. I guess im wrong about  it so Ill just say that. I hope I make the cut. I missed it by like 50 people the chat was broken
3d art has been a huge L lately
Im done.. tommorow i willclimb up
LFG!!!! jahahahhahaha sleepy af but have to grind
Yes ... Lets see what happens..
What do you think the game will be?
been loving dragons since i was a kid
yes ofc but 6h is a while LOL
i remember thinking the price for his bot at 2e per license and 1e renewable every month was ridiculous
im doing great just grinding lfg
I guess to stop people from always checking their rank
Hey you can check it here botcommands
whats your fav emoji? type it down below!
I was not but few of my friends were. Its so crazy I this space lol
I just wanna thank the team for building this and giving us all an opportunity
Nunca o vi mais gordo
no idea really i wish its dope
proved us wrong big time haha
Like destroying a city minigame for breath
definetely pixelated art always does well
I dont know why ppl hate on it
Yea good... I asked them to turn it off completly P
You too my friend. The project looks way too promising to pass off
You manifest your own rank. For example Im rank 69.420
what time is it for everybody
lmao nice number mate
nice game. lets get to go people
i wonder what the legendary 1 of 1s are gonna look like for this project
Ill simp for this team they deserve it
i feel like most people who buy NFTs grew up in the 90s where the pixel stuff hit home
for sure it fits the pfp aspect so well doesnt have to be in such hi res
Going for a mint at 4
Youre at the top of the LB! I think top 30
omggg same time zone hahaha
Its for civil service commission overall. Its kinda weird.
its ok bros imma sleep and when i woke up i will be stuck in my RL too. so ill see u in 12 hour ish? hope that well still be on top 10. WAGMI!!
wouldnt change anything at all people still speaking to try get wl just the way it is
omggg brooo so late dyyy hahahah
97 born here!! how about u??
YES EXACTLY! thats why pixel arts where its at lmfao
Lets get it on and have those slots open for us
what country are you in
Yoo second class got cancelled today LFG
most definetly the nostalgic nfts will succeed as they strike a cord with people
If you spoke to the admins last night youd know that they are actually down to earth and care about the success of the community
get some sleep bro and grind hard tomorrow you good
will see u lot in a bit
ooo shit u from SEA? im aus D
Yeah I guess so. Are they planning on helping people out  who sent their money out to scammers?
You got this bro. Respect on the grind! Gn
Almost 4pm for me. I might be in chat for the rest of the day
Ikr getting fomo feels
you can do itttt woop woop!
hey man you remember telling me about metalegends earlier? i forgot to ask did you get WL in the end? LOL
You cant say that about projects nowadays especially in the past day did you see that lions one thats just a scam?
Yep theyve asked the WL people to vote if they want to increase mint price to help repay if not they will repay themselves
Ive been into the pixels or 3D lately
whats your sign?? im leo
So u want take a nap?
is it really a scam? i saw somewhere someone warning people not to mint what kind of scam actually?
We are so glad. Please dont forget to support us on twitter httpstwitter.comCosmicWyverns?tLepS08l6vh7jYw31gtAKews09
Cosmic Wyverns CosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
861688761661652992 3
If you look at the lions   project that came out its a straight up rug! Bro the one your pfp is
Thats hilarious   Yeahhh thats very true wish it wasnt so difficult. It sure is! just trying to see all of it
I jusr received a letter from the gov saying i owe 350 for an unknown charge... scam? is the gov trynna scam me?
Nah i got group work to do now i just hve more time to do it
checkout fluf their renders are so sick
What is your pfp? Thats dope
followed up!  wyvern gang
welcome to all the new wyverns
malaysia i have a good friend who is an english teacher in bangladesh!
Holy shit fr! Just found them today
heyaa how u doin young man!
Yeah dude its one big rug 100 its so obvious they just tryna milk it it was created to scam the mods are scammers its a rug
taraaa my name purple too
wow! thank you for boosting
Already followed  this gon be huge
damn those are rare these days tbh LOL
forsure we are gonna explode
Bro got this doodles pfp and being an OG peeposadcat leave some for us
anyone here play valorant??? lets play together sometimes
Meanwhile this project couldnt be any more real and genuine I love it I hope I can be involved
Yeah thats nice of them!
RLBA mint anything cool lately !!!
fr! glad i got in here early
what other WLs are u in? i know we have a lot of common servers lol
same here we are super early
lmaoo thats actually hilarious
Followed this and the artist! In before 300 haha
doodle pfp are hella clean respect to the artist
I hope I can make the snapshot with the rest of you bosses and I appreciate the conversations we are having thanks for replying to me
yessir we gonna make it
Mate let me in on the fun
boonji just revealed guys did anyone get a rare?
BearX SOON!!! otherwise just solana droids lol
Early and active thats what we like to see
i came a little later but imma be active and get that 100 active wl spot
i didnt buy a boonji
I paid so much for the doodle I really needed this WL
Thats great  but most the people in our country hates English lol... Lesush
Yessir they look so fresh
yep earlygang where u at?! D
im trying to snipe one
gn broo! remember that wagmi together!!
i sold my boonji pre reveal pain
On it my friend thanks for the link
Good to have you here buddy. We all going to make this together!
hows everyone doing?? what level yall at now???
i got like rank 800 not bad i guess
Nah I meant Twitter. I was before 300 haha
Just solana droid business lol been pretty dry for me recently not on many WL ZAG
its burnttoast his work is amazing also apart from doodles the style is similar
only two wbu young man!?
Yup! That would be a very ideal situation! First come first serve
yea still profited like .08 haha
how much are rares worth rn i havent been looking ever since i paperhanded mine two days ago
How much did you pay mate? I payed for my Bunni at ATH
i got into a lot of wl but not mint much hahaha
Yeah this is going to be big cause we will make it that way and Im happy to be here with you I hope the best for you
Every single one of us
i pulled rank 26 on sdb luckiest ive ever been
im in the exact same boat laugh
You got this bro. 100 is nothing. Meet some new ppl and vibe
1.5eth its really a lot for me
Worth it bro. Youve accomplished everything 516395crythumbsup
Yesss agree! Hopefully we will
Yeah I wish I made og I missed it by like 50 people or so
Welcome and hellloooo to all new wyverns
shees i was really about to sleep and i heard this calling lol
sold it already a few days ago
ahhh so sleepy right now
floor right now is pretty low i was regretting it deeply after watching the floor go 0.2 higher than what i sold it for lol kinda glad it didnt stay there
most definetely thats what ive been doing and everyone has been hella chill
welcome back bro haha
What? I dont hate English
WAGMI boisss dn gv up
Nice! Yes thats a lot but Doodles will go to the moon!
mind me asking for what?
This is going to be a special community for sure man
Yep awesome vibe here
haha lets say it was a good day! but its also my first WL ever so Im very excited
13 sol pretty good profit
Yes sirr always rmb to take profit guys
Thats sad! Hopefully we make it bruh
There are so many scams then there r amazing projects like this that are thought out and planned
dont give up everybody
idk i rather not look back
Keep up the good vibe guys WGMI
is that doodle in ur pfp yours?
struggling to keep my eyes awake but the grind is worth it
i was really salty about droid business. I know people got scammed left and right but suddenly accelerating the time of minting isnt really good for people in different timezone. It was like 3am for me and I decided to sleep when they said they gonna postponed for 24 hour
LFG guys 3 the community so farrr
cool pfp what project is that from?
no no imma passed out soon. if not my rl work will be a mess this morning
holy shit very nice. i sold a rank 500 for 3 SOL lmao. but quickly just to make money abck i have naother rank 500 aswell
Ah it was not for you but the guns.
Always or hold the bag lol
Yeah I hope the best for you too my friend I hope we both get what we want out of this experience whether its friends or whitlist
Cosmic Wyverns discord  rl work
Thats where we differ. I like the pain of going back and checking
yeah i probably couldve gotten more but i only got 1 so i just wanted to take profits
rank 11 right now but i needa sleep
LMAOOO nah ur dif bro
probably pays better too lmao
oh yeah that did suck a lot of servers dont take into account time zones especially some that are like 8 hours ahead
anyone got any projects they are looking at
Ive been trying to win one on Twitter
Liverpool rly struggling rn
anyone here going for goblin lab?
literally will as well xD
When the chat wasnt busy there was a lot of cool people I could actually have a conversation with lol but right now I guess scrolling up when I get a reply is going to have to do
they made half of users delist their droids lol im holding onto one more to see what happens.
Haha congrats bro and nice Doodle!
This project too lit man
Not sure if imma go for it not even wl either so ..
check out my meme on memes
true cant complain about the profit though
fr... the supply is too high and they arent pfps imo... supply just too high for art
Gotta keep up with the chat tho or youll lose your place lmao I woke up to get back into chat cause I was sleeping I got work soon
this is the project we want
Im happy for you bro I really want a doodles but as you said it is a lot PESAngeryCry
Damn I dont have a charger I am at 5 percent
How the notification for bearx goes today?
yep same here ugh!  im sure this  project is gonna be even better ngl.
I hope so thats why I took the risk to pay so much...lets see if I was right
anyone here care about hor1zon
im hyped ngl. love dragons
Going to be epic if eithier of us make it. Regardless keep hustling you got this
I think they fixed it finally lol it was nuts this morning haha
amazing gl with that!
they look better than meka thats all I know
Gotta keep grinding guys best of luck
wyverns arent dragons though technically
we going past the moon man
i think liverpool cn be pullingg one offf
Hopefully we both get lucky lol
u guys play any games?
fk my boonji sucks rank 5800
Where do you see your activity tho I know its in bot but how?
Its a long term hold
Yeah I am liking the things the dev have been saying. Very promising as long as they execute!
same! have you check out faqs to see how to get wld?
you shouldve just said   haha
yeah still be 00 against preston lol
make sure u guys check out faqs to learn more about WL !
i totally agree LOL dont know why there arent 250k people in their discord yet
bro why solana died today
the day will come! there are pullbacks from time to time so if you get lucky you might get a good deal
Ayyy your pfp looks familiar I remember this project hows it going rn?
frrr i lost so much  on solana
people liquidating or moving to some other crypto
I meant that different different not because you do it from home ahaha
yup im in here chillin trying to show my name
I think people just past it cus of meka idk
this! i think its gonna be amazing
Does anyone know where you can see your activity rank ? Not your level but where you stand in terms of the entire chat?
I sold mine yesterday. Sketchfest
no worries. Did you see what we posted an hour ago? Support it
LMAO that is sooo fun you ask. It was a rug pull and they dipped today i think
I agree hodl is the way to go with the doodles
meka died so fast it was crazy just a bad project
Solana mooned a lot and it stayed high asf for ages. Was bound to happen eventually
yall still early dw keep it up
It was kinda weird. Hacked both twitter and discod.
Oh yeah haha. working from home is OP
it was super over hyped no wonder
thats true but man opening phantom and seeing that red PepeHands
what should i eat for dinner now
the tiny differences in the meka project are really disappointing tbh
Literally 8 ETH to like 1.5
dam me too im trying to get wl. are you looking at any other projects?
ayeee Hyxder is back!
You got it. I will support anything you guys create haha. Being one of the 600th people to get here I hope you guys appreciate me too we are the post ogs haha
and they all look the same its obvious why it failed the roadmap was trash too
yes sir had to do sum
It was wasnt it? Who knows of course but damn no trust anywhere in these times lol
3 dont mind me just spreading some love P
i am actually there are two projects metalegends and metabullz
Thats awesome! Is all that from NFT earnings?
meka was a whole load of ass for its hype
nah I think they were just over hyped. that was on the community tbh
Dont worry Cosmic Wyverns to the rescue.
how much eth n sol u guys HODLing?
imagine it actually went up to 8 ETH floor OMG
Damn I was about to mint but I was outside so I didnt. Right after that they oversold and nightmare happened
I hope you are right
bro i always tag obama in twitter giveaways hope he wins one
yeah its crazy influencer pnd
yessir gonna save us all
most of their mods scammed through the project as well
Someone said Im rank 20 out of 100 not sure if thats true or not
Need one of these babiesss
meta bullz? i think im in there too. do you have wl??
metalegend is hard loll
wyverns is gonna moon i rly like the community here
rule 1 dont have dumbass mods
Wasnt it really not random at all? Saw a tweet about how rare ones were pseudo handpicked by those close to the team or some shii like that
completely agree the way so many looked the same was laughbable
lmao im a mod bro what r u saying
yeah it was a rug. . .  hopefully i get wl for this server and get that bread
you guys worked on any other projects or keeping it downlow? edit   oh wait I just realised youre not a dev
Hey guys just found out about this proj. Happy to be here
If so thats awesome lol I guess I was really active during the og thing last night so I got my time in. If anyone knows how to check what number in rank you are in terms of activity let me know
most definetely thats why this project gonna do well
Idk but their raffle was sick... Most of the community member who were there from the beginning could not get it.
igot a wl for it cant wait for release!
mods here seem rly chill and dope !
this seems interesting
meta bullz? never heard of it any good? how big is the discord
eh im sure mods in here are amazing
Yeah this project going to be huge I can see it already
Lol mods build the community
the community also seems awesome
whats your pfp it looks dope
chillin and vibin here haha
yeah team here has been solid so far else i would not be sticking in chat long
keep the vibe up guysss
definitely i think the same
omg yeah i do! cant wait for that one to drop as well wbu do you have any nfts you looking at?
Yah .... We should be more careful .
giving me kaiju vibes immediately
the vibes do be immaculate here having some great conversations
I cant wait to see what happens in here within the next following weeks we going to the moon then next galaxy
its from animathereum
i like your space ape bro what price did you buy in at?
im hyped ngl. love dragons
it just started like two days ago and its at near 4k members. theyre minting 3k
does anyone know what country the team is from?
eth is not slowing down anytime soon!
Hahaha I tip my hat to you sir from one legend to another
and theyre like im cuter than yours
Have admins given any hints about utility?  What are some cool speculations you guys have
good luck to all of you my friend 
damn weres already almost 5k members in here
oh you are whitelisted congratss you deserve it
gas prices are so wild rn its mental itll probably be like this for another few days as well
Etheruems doing crazy hopefully gas doesnt go too high when i try get my hands on this project. Shouldnt be bad if im WL. This is probs the best project going rn
yes sir my dumbass cashed one eth out yesterday for bills and now it rips kek
Eth is fr going crazy tho jesus man
Man youre also still here? Im glad to see Im not the only one going all in
Lets hope they go some breeding just like the Kaijus
Awesome!! Just babysitting and chilling with the wyverns fam. Quick question howd you WL? Interacting and being active in the community? Thanks.
Shiba doing really well when I saw it yesterday
haha yessirski got another 2 or 3 hours in me
gas will be high until the alts drop
327 gwei jesus christ vitalik pls stop
yes it is thanks to shiba and dodge
yeah its doing good thats the reason for the high gas i guess
Ye lol its increasing so quickly
I think well see some stuff above and beyond breeding  kaijus concept is really cool with DNA and stuff.  I wanna see wyverns FIGHT horde treasure etc
yep blame shiba for that one lol
Why does shiba affect gas prices?
part of me wants to go play some dota
definitely roadmap is a direct image from their game which is in alpha at the moment
ikr they had it at 200 gwei the whole day
Everything is so high right now which is insane
Exactly first round gonna be the top 200 actives ! But they gonna double check everyone
can anyone even concentrate on movie or yt when discording? xD
how we doin over here boys? Cave 2 better than Cave 1  ?
no doge is its own blockchain. Its a fork of luckycoin which uses the same underlying blockchain technology as litecoin
layered in or something. No idea
Does it cost money to list on opensea
Im trying but I couldnt so I just threw on masterchef in the background
of course it is  cave 3 will be my throne though
ahahhahaha furgang stays together yurr
lol id rather focus on this for the time being!!
fineeee  rank 53 still gotta keep going
true cant just straight up follow Kaijus
the first interaction with OS yeah youll pay a fee then you can list within that collection
yeah I see the gamification sneak peek which is why I mentioned fighting and hording treasure.  I really hope itll be a combination of firstthird person explorable open world etc
Im doing pretty good was in the 70s but I just took a break so could have fallen off. Hbu?
i really think so  anyone that wants to should be able to
nice man you have greeen congrats!!
Fee for each collection?so i can list multiple and pay for 1?
Hello Natasha im doing great. any other projects that you are looking at?
would be amazing the team has proven a lot in a short amount of time am excited for the future of this project fosho
RAge cave just turned into chil cave thats too jokes
Damn bro Im impressed at how fast you climbed the ladder
nice im closing in on top ranks myself
correct if theyre all within the same collection. lets say you had 3 zombies you list the first pay the first fee sign the thing then the other two you can just sign without paying that fee. if you decide to sell another collection say toads youll have to repeat the process
me either bro and i try so hard!
Yeah I understand the current goal is to deploy the contracts and the game aspect is still tentative.  Im just hoping to see some video demos maybe not before launch so I can scoop some before it gets too poppin! haha
baby steps man we all gonna make it
YO GUYS lets go raid cave one we gotta all go just say cave 2 raid  lets do it as soon as you see this i know ur cave 1 slow mode is off cooldown just GO
Awesome!! Looking forward to be a part of the WL group soon. Love the interaction and quality conversation in here. Especially making new friends. Thanks bud!!
top 200 is almost all 9 or above omg
is this that more popping than cave 1
they did say they plan to underpromise and overdeliver so I feel they wouldnt tell us till closer diamond hands and find out 
guys this needs all of us for it to work GO RAID CAVE 1
LMAO no point our message would get buried so quick
egg tart slow and steady is gon win the race
Souhate  you got it just keep at it  engage vibe help the community in any way possible
id rather have this than expectations that arent met
Hahaha we are focused on what we do dont worry
are russians the nicest kind of ppl?
Can i wake uo tmr to gas 38gwei 
yea currently top is level 8 and 80 to level 9
297 lol still got some ways to go lol
Anyone hitting the gym soon though!
lol dont put too much stress on this itll strain your mental
i went anyway wagmi its 1111 i alr know what i want xD
i dont wanna chat and drive but if i dont ima lose a wyvern bro
are you looking for ntfs to buy or mint?
yea but holding it is going to be the hardest part. These wyverns aint going to be playing around.
We all are! Keep going wyverns!!
Need to claim my polar beer but dont wana pay 400 for that
only just started grinding..hope i am not too late
I delayed my session quite a bit. About to go right now
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
Right! I was just going to say that. Rank bot broke haha
That things super unreliable today I tell yah. Cant find good help these days
get a bunch of ppl who know what their doing and this will take off!
i just wanna see the other variations!
Same boutta go but not for too long cuz i gotta make it back here for the lads
not stressing at all  just happy to be here and vibe with the community
tino haha howd that work out did anyone take notice
midorima89 you got it in the bag dw too much about it
Faudi  how were you able to even cop the sketches it was tough to even buy those sold out so qucik
im sorry if youre top 200 but im coming for you
i think they have people for sure who know what they are doing
ahh i see do you mean the fluffy polar bears?
A small price to pay for salvation
maybe for top 200 yes but i beleive there will be more opportunities
probably good to pin this yeah? Kishu
Thats all matter in here !  good luck again 
UwU Gangggg Imma represent by getting that whitelist
you can find it by typing !levels in botcommands too if ever forgotten
Thanks brother appreciate the support
risky boy right here  i wish i was on Hope.gg level and god tiered always
Yup would be great as many people ask for this regularly
See yall folks at the gym Ill be on mobile 
I work full time and coming in this evening and seeing how far I am from top 200 is really disheartening.  Since mee6 only counts one message per minute it would take me at least 4 hours of continuous grinding to get top 200.
Instead Ill just chill and join the convo whenever I see something interesting  I guess Ill be going secondary
Gym time. Doing pushups right now for the boys
Trying to pass 5 but hes active 
Check out my fanart what traits should I add for my Dracula ?
exactly if youre here this early than you prob have a good idea
definite i think theyre slowly pushing em out so the community doesnt go crazy haha
Faudi yeah its the first project i seen sell out at an insane rate kinda makes sense since the max per tx was 20 lol 
tino dw wel be back there and theyll finally take notice lol
Im working man not sleeping tonight lol
exactly got a good chance as well
Use  invites it should work fine 
ill do whatever it takes i want like 4 wyverns lol not just 1.
Dont worry the team already stated that you dont necessarily have to be Top 200 its understandable people have work to do and cannot be as active so they are randomly rewarding people who show honest engagement. There is always hope so try your best 
Youll get there one day keep up
Hell yeah imma head to the gym now
Nice going to check that link now
Yes....Thats not even a question. 
I also work full time theyll be plenty of other opportunities for you to get a chance at WL
Word Ima head to work be back in a couple hours
Fosho. Cant leave the fellow wyverns alone here.
and thats why this project is soo good
would you rather.. a burrito RIGHT NOW or a slot in the top 100?
I think some vampire fangs would really pull it all together!
dont stress yourself out for not getting to top 200. Its not just about the rank. Just be active and contribute to the community that works
Ok since mod is online lets make a giveaway
Give me a slot anyday and ill fast for a month
burrito! Nah def top 100 lets gooo 
why not both? get on ur phone bro! KEK
Haha yeah will do ! How about the background ? Should I change it ?
Shroomvision Going Galt Hope youre doing well my friend.
i think im also on 6 or 7 uwugmi
just have some faith guys we all good
you meet the level 200 guy yet? kek
a burrito rn top 100 will always be there haha im so hungry rn tbh even then top 200 is all u need lol 
hal nope no work today thank god hows work for you so far
bro its been 1 day and the discord has 4.6k organic members man thats nuts
Top 100 ez grinds getting 1000 messages in by tonight! LFG
always bro  you get my message?
Ive been talking sus Im level 200 now
500 wl spots giveaway at 5k members pls
I like the night background but maybe a castle in the background? Dracula lived in a castle right? With like a pointy tower? Idk thats what Im picturing 
Gus I wont stop baby we got mobile!
but then you get past with others doing the same  gl!
one of us has to make it in order to represent the uwu gang
nice man what are you training todat?
lol no ways theyll give that many away in one go
yup another reason im heavily invested in this project when a community blows up like this to 4k members with organic growth its usually a good sign for good things to come
Faudi  haha dont be so kind now thatll be too easy
im about to play runescape and chill all evening here DiCaprioLaugh matthew
I think there are already that much in the air theyre just handpicking them!
Looks like were gonna need a third cave soon Kek
Hahaha Ive been on mobile all day to grind on the go
I feel it. Just putting time in when I can
Niceee get that pump dude one of the best days
100rainbow Guys and girls just remember to make sure to get up and stretch eat and hydrate and give your dog a kiss. I realized I have been not working when I should be and not eating and drinking for the last few hours. So lets help each other stay human. heartlove
what projects have you been in beforehand ? 
also Kishu that emoji was gold hahaha i love it
Yeah I just call it grind to refer to it but Im having so much fun here hahaha
i just wanna be in the wyvern club so bad
youre getting closer keep it goin fam
Everyone out here vibing. Love to see it
Lets keep the vibes rolling along people
Waking up to a green name would be a christmas miracle
i think we should be gucci cave 2 doesnt move so fast and its easy to have actual convos in here  maybe a cave 3 once we over 10k members soon 
Hope.gg yup theyre actively handpicking those who are active and engaging with the community.
tino one project im currently in rn is furballs community very similar to this one and its based on organic growth over 20k members rn and the roadmap and whitepaper is insane
Thanks for the reminder man! Its true we got to still be active
Chill cave is slow  come join us there
its all about your outlook on it just be positive right on !! thanks Hyxder and bojangles lets get it crew
same cant wait for all the lore!
from top 270 to top 50 in 1 day lfg bois !!!! only took me like 11 hours kekw
100  as a matter of fact. Im gonna go outside and take a breathe of fresh air RIGHT NOW lfgbird
The roadmap is super cool very excited for the future of the project
boadi they rolling good here buddy
I see you are still grinding lol. I will catch up
I like how this guy types big msgs to reply to multiple people
cave 2 is   lol  chat and people here are actually vibin and stuff
yeep we are in it for the long run now 
yes bro by close i mean like HELLA close only 24 spots away from top 200 which is 36 messages you otw man
Theres like a group of kaijus that follow eachother and it looks like a bunch are here
those hours will prove worth it no doubt in my mind
You got a lot of time on your hands  I wish man in here anytime Im not busy with something. But congrats keep grinding hard!
no i mean beforehand like what projects have you invested in that did well you have a nice ape pfp did you get one?
Infintrus  thanks man dw WAGMI!
Yeah Ive seen a lot of Kaijus in here! The more the merrier they seem chill
Nice!!! Constant interaction or did you have breaks?
anyone else stoked about this project?
time to go baby!! top 50 here i come!!
time goes by fast when youre on a good community and having fun 
dont play with my heart like that fam!
you need 17000 exp to catch up with me good luck bro
i feel happy to be here its dope
Bear x to the moon dont be upset u missed out! Always other projects
constant interaction short breaks but for food and water etc speaking of water imma go grab some 
indeed it does bro this com is great!
stoke stoke stoked stoked? or stoked stoke stoked?
it already is real look at the turn out 
Once you get there you can finally hug him
I just  came back from the park with my son
gotta spread the love vibes in here!
I gotta go get something to eat need a little break
Dude super stoked man cant wait for this project
hey bud its going great hows things with you! did you check out roadmap or sneakpeek yet? 
Hyxder are you really 1? thats wild hahah
hows bearX doing? cant find it on OS lol
RISE UP!! kennayyy  you as well!
Kaijus are all over theyre so nice too lol  i really wish i got in on the project the quiz was insane
Faudi  lmao thats a great meme man its so sad to see them hacked ik people worked very hard for WL just to see it get hacked sucks
its yet to mint brother so not on OS yet
nicolelodeon  vibes are important
Yes Ive seen all of that already. Thank you though
oh nice ! tough one but I think I can make it work give me a couple hours tonight
gotta keep em rolling even after launch!! lets go. vegasm  agreed!
It didnt get rugged  and it hasnt minted yet
I found it late and tried that scavenger hunt thing they did for the last WL spots but I didnt know enough about the project to figure it out haha. Still was a fun time
i thought that was a hack? doesnt make sense to rug before mint lol
welcome! its looking super exciting fs
damn hope i make it before its to late
Guys remember self love and positivity always!
Make sure to keep interacting and stay positive in chat
It got hacked not rugged stop with the misinformation
By working rly hard u mean post a picture of a bear
nope haha depends what you like 
wyvern d. luffy never backs down
I need to get nitro so i can boost this awesome server
yoooo whats good nando nice hanging with you last night
yeah it was a fun time i was one of the first 700 to join but i still didnt make it in time as it was the first 500 i think and my drawing never got accepted and then the quiz was just tough
Faudi  well yeah lol but some people actually like grinded in the chat and actually wanted white list but yeah majority did come from drawing a bear
we already making it my friend 
TylerTakesATrip  we definitely are all early looking forward to seeing all your names in green with me and enjoying the journey to get there!
Always only love for the wyverns
keep it up guys taking my doggo out
bro that would be sickkkkk. Id have a group sesh through vc if that happened
what dog you got? post it in pets man would love to see it
Shroomvision Going Galt  dont forget the poop bag
yup manifesting all our names will turn green itll be amazing to see the chat full of green names its gon happen with 3400 wl spots to around its bound to happen
Shroomvision Going Galt  just took mine out he had the most energy was literally running around crazy for 10 minutes lol
Hahaha omg I didnt realize your pfp was a Luffy wyvern love it
im in great mood but ive become hungry
Ayy fr bro. I see you out here Pain
With a name like scumbag whats not to love?
same here im also hungry lol we need a food channel asap whats ur favorite dishes mines gotta be sushi of all time i love sushi one of the best foods u can eat
i have such a busy weekend idk if i can aprticipate and be active 
my art is trash but i tried lolol
Its the thought that counts Mr Scumbag
sushi is the booooooomb dawg but i gotta say crispy chicken takes the cake for me
Bro its sick dont say that hahaha
you like dried chicken or saucy
Sushi is sick. My city has a lot of shawarma places that are dank and as Im in Canada they do chicken shawarma poutine with a bit of spicy garlic sauce added. It is the best food for after a night out hands down.
pizza is my second favorite lasagna and pizza almost interchangeable for me
it is but its not mine kekexplode
yea its way better than anything i can make 
cave 2 seems more chill than cave 1
saucy bro! full send  dry aint bad tho but chilli sauce is ALPHA
much easier to have conversations with others
best food to have at any time of the day lol except breakfast
Taut  any special type of lasagna  i also love lasagna one of my favorites
Hope.gg you already know Sashimi all the way lol i introducted my girl to that and she loved it
egg tart oh man theres so many i cant even remeember tho they differ from so many restaurants
anything with chese basically lol
thats what im talking about brother  one more  boneless vs with bones
Cave 2 is my home. Welcome to the dark side cave 1 people
blockhead is my signature character on my OS
welcome to the dark side beeplezilla 
ketchup with rice ONLY? PepeSHOOT
cave 2 a bit slower but we good
woah dont tell me you eat boneless!!!! no way you do
Idiled  same here rice is great with everything LOL 
KietHoang  it sure is cave 2 you can actually have conversation with others
I like my moms homemade havent had anything else. Just ground beef mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce 
haha i had this same problem...came back to my computer..cant leave the community
whats up yall hows everyones day going?
I wish the mods would come to cave 2 sometimes 
Yo idk about ketchup man seems kinda weird to me
YESSS. Im a wing guy. v1  nah man. Bones all the way
cosmicwyvern mechwyvern wingedwyvern
 3 mechwyvern 4 cosmicwyvern 3 
and yessir man wings are just so fkn good dude
cosmicwyvern mechwyvern wingedwyvern
mechwyvern 4 cosmicwyvern 3 wingedwyvern 3 
KEK  thought so! craving for some shrimp fried rice now tho pogtasty
They move around a bit! Saw the devs in chill cave earlier today 
I agree wholeheartedly about wings
with friendly people like you . have a great day man
Yeah they are everywhere my friend 
amazing to see whitelisters still active in the chat....the real ones
nothing gets better than good ole homemade food  esp when it comes from your mom 
kennayyy  trust me im pretty sure theyre in here watching
Shisyuo  ya better be bone in wings are top tier the time i ordered boneless wings on accident i was so hurt and i ordered for a party of 4 so everybody was mad at me LOL
0x  hey its only 230 here no sleep or naps 
yessir make sure to interact not spam 
cosmicwyvern mechwyvern wingedwyvern
corm44  i feel like anyone who chooses anything else over wings is either an alien or vegan lol
pretty good as well here! cant complain really  just working my day job rn. hbu?
yes i love cheese sadly i have become slightly lactose 
If anyone wants any help lemme know
I love wings whats your go to place?
i am doing fine thank you how are you doingf?
becoming lactose intolerant is my biggest fear lol
Cave 2 huh? Is this where all the WL are pogtasty
i would unfriend you if i were them ngl lol
i grind for over 4 hours and lvl8. What about you?
buffalo wild wings but hitting a lot of wingstop lately kek theres better places sure
The soon to be Whitelisters yes 
damn thats difficult...being allergic to the food you love is depressing
ima have to stop somewhere nice now cause thats too good sounding
I am bothered by the people who choose to dip their wings in ranch instead of Bleu cheese
Cave 2 best cave prove me wrong.
nothing much to do today just uni work
everyone is lactose intolerant its just how much can you take. 2 cups of milk in 1 day is way past my limit now sadly.
oof hard one gotta say this Chinese place down my road is crazy with it
dont stop! enjoy what the community has to offer
I be going to wing stop too but yea id agree there are way better places out there. Wing stop is the most convenient for me
have you tried cheese with it tho like the korean style
Not grinding vibing and having fun 
Imagine being weak to cow juice
so what time is it for yall any west coasters?
same here im lactose and it sucks ass ill be eating all these dairy related food and my stomach would be kickin
Shisyuo hey it was a one time mistake haha i was so hurt when they brought us the wings and it looked boneless 
kennayyy  yup facts cave 2 the best cave cave 1 the best cave dont even sound right LOL
Sweet Im in the right place then
how does that translate to how much cheese u can eat in a day?
yeah same. i really been craving like bbq brisket though Drool
not ever bro to the TOP  if yall dunno what mes mes is. youre wrong
Thanks. Hope I can make it for WL
haha a bit confused. I worked hard to get to level 9 already. trying to get into the top 100
understandable tbh chill day it sounds like
i choose the spicy hot chili sauce over everything
Shisyuo  i cant choose any cheese im lactose intolerant  i used to have it alot but makes me sick
wassup henry no1 or are you no2???
Good mate nice too see you are still here haha
ooooo some guy recommended me a chinese wing place called san tung a bit ago. Might go check it out one day
Wings with ranch is so good tho.
v1 i like where your mind is at. Did we just create a connection 
Welcome youll have a great time
Hahah im glad you love my jokes 
PUPepeSith  order fool! I know u crave it too
yea i just fight it haha. Not giving dairy up thats for sure.
RISE UP my wyv buddies! We have some plundering to do. So much gold to steal!
I love dad jokes thats my sense of humour so they dont go unappreciated
Thanks. We gonna grind for this. Art is sick. Stonk
i order to much food i should pickup today
Shisyuo yea mean it is what it is tho
crazy i turned this into food channel after mentioning sushi LOL
kennayyy  we just mightve haha community is going great so far
Taut  yup just learn to deal with it cause cmon food be too good to pass up like you cant pass up a good ass meak just cause youre lactose till your sitting on the toilet full of regrets LOL
Hello beautiful girl. I saw you on the VN chat channel I greeted you there.
Wings with ranch are good for sure. But wings with chunky Bleu cheese are so much better. If ranch is the only option then sign me up but if I have the choice then you know Im going for those chunks
Hows everything going there my friend?
so the difference is the transportation? or u planning to get smth else today? KekW
Going great! I love your doodle 
do a quick google search everyone is lactose intolerant it all depends on how much lactase you have that can digest the amount of Lactose you take it
sheeeeeeeesh you a beast lol and Hope.gg i think i gotta chinese place on the way for sure im in atlantacatjam catjam ima run in the first
guys ive been grinding for almost 12 hours now this songs keeping me going xD 
I didnt like cheese before this year. I will have to try bleu cheese now because of you
driving to the gym rn what yall up to
guys no one is safe here. The grind never stops
Ooo? Hello sorry didnt notice your chat X hows everything going on there?
yeah it is just keep having great conversations and also go for all the giveaways lets get it
i didnt know that always assumed it was a medical condition and not general to every1
i love bleu cheese at wingstop it enhances the flavor so much lol 
TylerTakesATrip no grind only vibin with the chat 
Yea haha but even in the worse of it never once did i think Im going to give up dairy 
good  just chillin around how bout yourself?
for real man...yall got the role but still engaged in the community its good to see
Shisyuo thank you sir gotta do whatchu gotta do from rank 270 to top 40
Vaansh  Playlist  283 songs  5 likes
you can talk there if you want a better grind. there is no slowmode
No youre the beast with that sick pfp man
Stonk 100 .. 1 BREATHE  1 BREATHE
i intend on staying here a long time cooldance
idk how this man doesnt like cheese. cheese is such a diverse flavor profile. Yeah but you still want that whitelist lol
you got shake shack around you?
hey man im trying to get some convo going here kekexplode
Do you just get regular hot wings? Dry or saucy?
you learned something new  Lots of people tend to become more lactose intolerant as they grow up as their enzymes dies.  It really sucks. Sadly Lactase enzymes are not recoverable.
Im right behind hahaha dont slow down
Ooo yeah sure Im good with any channels everyone will get WL 3
the real diamond hands right here lol
hve you ever had dry rub lemon pepper wings
it wont matter tho xp goes by the minutes keeps it fair for everybody 
!CosmicWyverns Rummy159  you already know the answer to this sushi lol 
TylerTakesATrip trust me everybody will get whitelist eventually with 3400 spots to go around everybody is gon get one i believe it 
need that dedication. Sadly have to leave my laptop to go eat later. Maybe ill bring it to continue the process LOL
I bounce around. I like them all but I do usually go with something spicy
It is 4 am in Vietnam and everyone is sleeping. Can you go over there to talk?
We need new wyvern emotes in the server or im out 
I think they also randomize it never know which chat gives how much xp and it can change.
wait 3400? Im so focused on those 200
i ate wings with a knife and fork as much as i could then finished them off with one hand while typing with the other if i can you can too xD
corm44  asian zing from bww is my favorite
is there anything people can do to prevent it?
congratz you got this in no time
asian zing is super fire  love BWW
i dont think so its just adaptations as we get older
Who will dance once they get WL?
but im going to a restaurant tho. But I might just do it. For the FUTURE
I dont think thats unfair. Everything created by mods has a reason for it. and I chat with people not just spam
I am doing fine too what are you doing?
aww thats unfortunate. Shakeshack is a must have its sooo good 
just keep having lactose but wear diapers everywhere you go 
Dry lemon pepper is the only dry rub ill go for. You should try it
pain mango habanero is good too. Have you ever tried that before?
get takeaway for the future! elmorage
i swear its only good every once in awhile if u have it to often its mid af
Yep passing 5 and then relax for a bit
check my message history....i said im doing a dance if i get WL for sure lol
youre always one step ahead thanks hyx
Umm not quiet sure being healthy and eating well is always something that can prevent things like that. you can take pills that help fight lactose when you intend to eat it. But to do something specific you would have to look into it yourself. Im not that knowledgeable about it.
FarhanZ bout to do some muscle ups at the gym. know anything bout that?
lmao yup thats the mindset reach higher top 200 seems very likely as long as you stay engaged with the community
ErniETH  awh if so i didnt know it works like that
kennayyy  dry lemon pepper dry garlic parm mango harb omg all top tier flavors and i havent had wings in so long
Excellent choice my fellow Canadian
this right here health is wealth
make sure to shuffle the songs arent sorted
There are quite a few Vietnamese people there. chat channel seems pretty boring
Im still grinding hahaha for real not stopping until im in the WL
Shisyuo dont even know what that is im from south africa homie xD
awww do you speak eng fluently too?
Muscle ups are hard i can only do regular pull ups
idk man its just my go to place maybe my taste buds just suck kekw
I just put away an entire sleeve of Oreos I need help lmao
Okay Im down with fanart for now
yea muscle ups are a great exercise if done properly but I think there are better exercises for target those muscle groups
for sure health is number 1. well number 2 after wyverns p
This shit is going so fast on my phone o.o
you need to be super strong to do muscle ups man
all you can eat buffet. You dont have it there?
yes main focus is wyverns atm lol
no sir my english is pretty bad
did you eat them with milk lol oreos be bangin tho tbh i havent had those in years
Shannon336  might just end up getting wings since ebveryone was talking bout it lol
I see  yeah most ppl are here in this English Channel3
oh man i would do the same.. no self control
I learnt english by chatting here
your english is perfect man keep chatting away
I saw that in the initial announcement!
Hyxder  Ottawa here checking in! Lots of Canadians in the NFT space it seems! And Indonesians also it feels like
oh i just didnt recognize the acronym we do its just not alot of high quality ones there are good ones but they mad pricey
im not very strong but i can when i need to be for the people i need to be for!
Where are you from and what language is native there
My god this is by far the best fan art I have seen yet check out RemGees animated Wyvern!
yessir Ill see you at the top bro
I never had dry garlic parm before. Hmm maybe ill give it a shot the next time i go. Dam Now I want wings LOL
alright good to here ill just stick to this channel for now as intereacting in here is pretty easy
kennayyy  what you never had garlic parm and you love wings ok question wingstop or buffalo wild wings
that applies here as well. Its kinda like a once in a while thing with AYCE. I sometimes eat till I throw up to make my moneys worth lol
insane for someone who just joined MatthewSmoke must really love the wyverns
everyone go react rn! this man deserves some attention
yeah talking to people makes me feel good. how are you today?
like when my kid loses their fav blanket lol
Its all good what language do you normally speak
fuuuuugggg broooooo. Wings are so good but theyve gone up so much in price
How do we tell whether we rank in top 200?
you lost the ball!!!! you was too busy reading chat and forgot that you even took your dog out  
TylerTakesATrip fr everything got so much more expensive cause of covid such a shame
Yeah was her fav one and I was concentrating on discord so idk where she lost it 
getting a tesla after i cop this lol
I thought you were talking about a dry garlic parm. I had these best garlic parm wings at a bar one time. The best garlic parm I have ever had.
I never had wingstop before so bww is key
shwooo  have fun bro hope you connect with a lot of people
hi guy how are you doing today?
Wow I think your English is pretty good 
Hopefully she can sniff it out!
i would say take a break but i know its though to do when your so close
Guys did you check facebook metaverse idea
what and you never had wingstop oh boy i feel like its 100x better than BWW the fries and wings are just on another level there
Gus look at you  forgetting what you said sounds like you need some rest 
yeah i watched the whole stream todya
me? take a brake? im just chillin in the cave
How do we check if we In the top 200
Ikr i hate how the wings costs so much these days. 
v1 what do you recommend me get at wingstop
what was the idea specifically?
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
Go to botcommands and type !rank
Go to bot command channel and put !rank
Hahaha I could say the same to you pal we are in the same boat
lmaooo i was just thinking about that cant go wrong with mc chickens
fluxray its awesome nft could be huge for virtual tino ye fb is iew but what they wanna make is good m.A.A.d men virtual with only a glasses and 3d social   house
i know i aint going nowhere either lol
Nothing wrong with some McDs now and again
hey facebook is still popular for like business purposes lol 
Nemerz to chceck simply head on over to botcommands  and type in !rank 
kennayyy any of your favorite wing flavors cause theyre all better than bww 
Gus  lets call it quits and head out together 
take a rest man! ill come welcome u again later!
I know Im going to get through this we are all good
yeah but im permaskinny i got cheat codes
Put notification to only mentions
fair enough  might have to give it a revist after years lol
i fw buffalo but thats just me. Lemon pepper is good too. pls lmk how much the wings cost now
v1 yeah cause the supply chain is all messed up
A small price to pay for a wyvern
yea man im rank 248....aint giving up lol
Fb is not my thing but they have a company name called Meta so fb is a side hussle
yeah its gotten better but like no where near where it should be at
Shisyuo  hell yeah for work purposes tho only lol
TylerTakesATrip  noooo whats wrong with wingstop 
Hahaha oh right i feel that im not to that point yet itll get there
are you in atlanta too lmfaooooo
we basically at the same rank right now  we almost there
idk how a company with that much money is struggling xD
great guys thanks for asking im glad you guys are good
I know that you know that none of us is giving up hahaha
I just wonder how the hell are there so many chill people in one discord literally like family in here its crazy
kinda like opensea in getting verification and rid of scams lol
i am have sososo many like 100s or some shit. i deleted a bunch last night thank god
i hope i can buy floor so i can have multiple of these  they look so perfect.
This is proof of your hard work
yes if you grind will burn out faster!
I stopped scrolling FB a few years back. The only thing i use from them is messenger. It was crazy how people spent some money to play their games
Damn you are close man keep it up
0 chance I ever use Facebook again I mean meta again 
No wingstops in buffalo v1 unfortunately wingstop cant survive here
Yea thats deff the move i try to delete every once in a while
yes we closing in thats for sure. corm44  last i checked 217 i think
welcome back!! whatd u do when u were away?
definitely feels great to talk to a wide range of people
Nice. Youre getting there. Im still quite a bit behind that
good luck to all my friends you are OG in my heart  Fabsss  you have to or you lose everything! i still lose everything lol
Down with the scammers!! turn your dm off
this song is how i feel on the way to WL 
what are yall at? FREDDIE  facts meet so many in diff countries and situations
damn you right there man keep it up
Lmao i wouldnt say theyre struggling that bad theyre doing pretty good but they can be 10x better
Gus alright alright ill stay here with you if you say so  
Shisyuo  haha dont even mention the games people spent too much money on those
kennayyy i wonder why LOL hmm maybe the bww here in cali dont compare i sure gotta try bww in buffalo LOL theres gotta be a huge difference
facebook is really laggy for me
Dude hapebeast was absolutely flooding my dms.. had to turn that off
Level 13 and not even top 50 damn
Guys give this song a listen if u havent
same. For some reason it loads so slow
ill save it for later thanks PESHeart
Shroomvision Going Galt whats up
yeah so many fake ones.. you can turn off per discord as well
thats worrying for me. Im going to need to get level 13 to secure my spot it seems
at least theyre doing something xD still dont like em
Im trying to stay top 100 to assert my dominance
Yeah because the people there already are going to keep posting
oooof dont look at the numbers for awhile just chat mindlessly and sooner or later ur gon be top 10 in no time
0x  did you just say mcdonalds question how do you feel after eating all of it i feel like poop after like my body feels like shit haha
gl brother im closin in on top 100
damn my man is top 23 and still grinding
guys which herman miller should i get mirra 2 or aeron?
You now Im staying until the green name arrives
Wyvern with wings or without? Whats everyones preference
i havent used facebook in years lol
No im referring to closing in on top 200 rank. since im at the low 200s. WL is still open do not worry.
just in here vibing you know me  going for top 50 end of night no end in sight . Fabsss  wow you are 23 and not WL yet? you are nuts!
cant let loose. ppl gotta catch up
started today at 270 bois just dont stop
hello folks how are you doing. this chat easier to follow xd
i use it for facebook marketplace
the top 200 will be in the wl right bro?
wow nice never heard it before this thanks!
shoulda been beta kek. Fugazzi  doing great glad i found this great group
Hell yeah bro this is easily the best community ive joined not even a grind for me
JRyanC is about to do yoga LIVE
Thats a great idea Ill keep going alongside you brother
lmao youre already know your names be green even if you rest now youll still be top 100
KietHoang  yes the top 200 will be WL but the snapshot of them will be random it can even be now so just keep intereacting with the community just in case
Shroomvision Going Galt what do you mean 23
my man...this is facts right here
yeah what a relief to hear that. Im at rank 179
Please dont do it now! Dont scare me like that lol
i see that there are two caves now
i agree as well  i will be more active after the weekend ends.
any idea when the next giveaway is?
love your pfp I watched durarara a while back
ah you safe im sure you want it to close so you can secure your spot haha
You never know with this crazy community hahaha
real oneeeee ! anime i been hiding in this chat
Lets try buddy. im trying to get into the top 100. of course have a nice chat no spam
well my metabolism is that of a 15 year old still so im unaffected  however im in my late 20s
yup best way to go thru it ive been doing it and it doesnt feel like a grind but more like just chatting with the community and havin fun 
corm44  sorry LOL it was just what one of the mods said haha
Gus ok yeah the community here is kinda crazy and people seem to be climbing ranks quick ahaha
for those of you in college what are you studying and why??
Just saw Cave 2.. So whats the scene with 2 caves 
yea need liek top 150 to bee safe haha
I was like Im only at like 340! I need more time! 
Yea unfortunately hahah but we keep going
Its been a while since the last one
Im studying architectural technology and its because I worked as a contractor for years and thought it was relevant to my life experience 
cave 2 is where the true wyverns chill
Top 100 not tooooo hard just talk to us hahaha
Yea its going to be tough hitting 200 isnt safe on its own
wow the vibe in here is amazing
Hhh beta but what they do is making nft more famous
rain falls down they crash around mecatjam
going to get harder and harder the next few hrs for new people tbh
your pfp is the robot one right?
oh wow thats a really cool major
thats great ErniETH hows it all working out for you sounds interesting and fun
Not. I had a bit of a misunderstanding because I thought it was closed. haha. if I wanted that would it make someone sad. v
lmao i doubt theyll do it this soon because they barely just announced it dw your in good hands still 
Wei  ugh i didnt mean to scare the chat LOL i just wanted to give a heads up
luew you have to look in giveaways frequently
Yes its been tough with work today not gonna lie
wonder how many in the top 200 rn already have WL  are mods or admin
Everybody from top 200 should sleep BC im going all night bois
yea you go to bed wake up and be like top 400
Honestly though I think you should just focus on having conversations instead of the number because the number is important but Its not everything g heartlove
its been here for a while cave 1 got too caotic 
just wait a bit and ill be happy  im almost there!
Dont grind too hard you guys need sleep 
no ones sleeping in this channel
i hope i dont wake up and become 400th lmao but ima go till i cant today
this looks an  awful lot like kaiju
conversations are everything dont worry about hte number ever 
idk i though it was a frost one tbh xD
Thats why Im saying youre never safe here
i see.. i vibe with better cave.. Lets go
Yeah it could really be the top 300 get it depending on when they do the snapshot and how many already have whitelist
hey i just got back what do you mean   people keep thinking ive been here forever Gus  back me up on this 
Taut  LMAO take a break for a whole day and your not even top 200 no more its scary for sure but if you keep at it at the rate your going youll be more than safe
keep it up buddy. you are doing great
awful lot better than a kaiju  a wyv is a completely dif thing from a kaiju if you know your lore
i hear what your saying for sure man...but im just being honest...i really like this proejct...i cant afford gas wars...im here to be apart of this community too man but whitelist only way i can afford one
Just gotta keep the vibes going
yeah lil slower and a lil more pizazzzz
understandable. gets me super excited
mcdonalds skipped me in the 2 person line how annoying
just dont like his tactics and he creeps me tf out
Hahaha I mean you werent away for long enough for us to think you went to sleep
Thanks! Second year now so its getting pretty intense haha doing alright though. 
fluxray  thank you! Its mostly AutoCAD Revit and learning the building code lol
v1 KietHoang Thanks for support Im still going strong.
he does look creepy but at least he is pushing the metaverse forward pumping our bags
nice!! im a software engineering student so i feel you
Yess very my whole life is based off vibes so thats my motto
lol i know man...i wish i didnt have work tomorrow morning man lol
I think everyone understands that man. we should think that high rank is proof of their hard work.
Be an active member giveaways  channel has a lot of chances for you to offer. Stay tuned
have you been enjoying studying it so far?
yup exactly some people are already whitelisted in the top 200 so it can be like top 250 instead
Dope! heartlove but if you just have conversations the numbers will just flow my friend.
Oh yeah thats intense! Hows it going for you?
true but not ready for it to go into super corpo hands tbh...
hey same goes here. Im about to call in loool. jkjk
i hate school so not particularly but its been a good experience since ive had a few internships
agreed lol...thats why i always try t o reply to someone in every message to increase engagement
does software engineer do like coding and stuff?
its hard to converse with one minute slowmode but i try
aww i feel you im a self taught software engineer too cuz i hate school
mcdonalds is whack lmao  ima eat it tho
dont let the numbers scare you keep interacting with the chat and youll be top 200 trust me just chat away and let things happen
Taut  keep at it haha theyre trailing onto you
The internships probably teach you more about the job than school does eh? Thats what Ive heard from people who finished my program and did placements
i swear you told me you level 13 haha
yeah agreed just have a few many convos 
haha its okay i like it  once in a while is fine
guys from other timezones were sleeping hehe
Im trying to find a job and its been really difficult 
hahahah calling in sick might not be a bad idea hahah
agreed so is what facebook building is that more facebook own and less decentralized right
Nice to see you here! Welcome to the best cave 
0x whats your favorite thing to get at mickyDs
You can grind out lvl 9 in like 5 hours people just gotta be committed
definitely thats what ive done today
welcome back my troll friend . Taut  no way i said that. just started.
Yup thats what Im hoping if they stop it before I get into 200
Im not scum bag but Im a big fan of getting a junior chicken and a McDouble and creating one sandwich with both
Wishing you all the best on the hunt.. I migh rejoin next year.. badly wanted a year break to figure things out
what do you work on? hal for the last couple of months i am ye
usually ends up that way doesnt it? also lets huge business get in. I like its grassroots rn
yeah people do gotta be commited but 5 hrs is a long time for sure i think other ways are just being active and helping the community and those are handpicked by the team corm44   sub 200s
wow that is self taugh engineer is impressive
word thats awesome. been looking to get into it but i have no time
I always get the mcchicken. Where are you from? I never heard anyone say Junior chicken before. I really like the sausage egg sandwich
must have been someone else i was talking to who had the same image haha. Getting you guys mixed up.
constant interaction starting to slow down a bit but the community is keeping me awake
bruhh he is talkin to the user 0x  xD not you
But we rotate places so we never sleep
i am an app developer... so mostly those... been working 6 years.. and NFTs wasnt letting me have time... so took a yaerbrea k
true it is sad to see it go that way but i feel we will have a big push from the decentralized community here
I got a double quarter pounder with sweet tea large fries and 2 cookies
totally agree wyvern life is lambo life
yea man we need that green baby lolll
Yes. This is a quality community
mc chicken and double cheeseburger are top tier can never go wrong with those but fries be a hit or miss lol sometimes they be heavenly or straight up garbo
0x  ooooo great meal enjoy it  lmk how u feel after lol
slowing down a bit gives us a chance to grab a huge lead 
Canada. Its like a small mcchicken off the value menu.
yeah i agree. I just think anything fb does especially in a big way like this always turns out bad for the lil guy
top 200 is probably going to be a race tho xD
yeah we will get our real wyvs so we will be different soon 
KietHoang  sure is and a very busy one
youre right thats probably the best thing ive heard all day
i have 50k points earned this year alone i eat it for lunch daily. i weigh 160 lol
agreed they arent necessarily the most optimal company to do it but at least its a start everyone trying to jump into the space because we are moving so fast
Yeah being friendly and funny will go a long way sometimes. Ive been whitelisted at a few servers for just that
relax you have plenty of time my guy!
it already is xD i got here a lil late but got loads of sleep last night
I know! I literally opened saying I wasnt the person he asked lol I just wanted to share my meal of choice
thats what i like to hear. cosmicwyvern
i guess that suits better yh depending on how fast they are going to snapshot
JEEZ. I eat chickfila a lot as well. Good stuff. Gods chicken
yes it did you posted a fake nitro pic that was obvious.
hal chick fila isnt a dollar tho
ErniETH im pretty close to canada. Im in buffalo right now. Yeah the junior chicken is called the mc chicken for us in the states
yeah. Take time to chill. theres always room for the deserving
Yea.. gotta always keep in 200 and you are good to go ..
Wdym fake i paid 10 bucks for it
yup take things slow and steady and youll win the race lol
oh my god ur massive! in a good way
chickfila is insanely expensive man im right with u
Hahaha thanks for including me Struge didnt like me including myself. Well I learned something new about Canadian McDs today lol
already scary though lvl 9 is top 200 so cant imagine what it will be in a few days xD
I think Ive heard that somewhere before
Lmfaoo you been here you know shes been doing it for a minute now
100rainbow who else here has a full time job? wlcclfg
Preach more... When the gas fee are low we hussle in the discord and keep our whitelists in place   Wei  Gotta do it everyday in that case
wow im already 66. Top 50 here i come 
whenever you get the chance try it. very worth it.
yeah its very expensive to eat but it be sooooo gooood can never go wrong with chic fil a 
corm44   you probably have lol its a common saying 
Rikimaaro  man gas been so high tho as of lately god damn shiba lol
oof. My canadian friends came down last year and had it for the first time. It truly is gods chicken
haha. i have never seen dab. but really want to try it once
Ooooh right on my tail! Im sitting at 60
oooo why is there a second cave
yeah im gonna have to try it for sure ill prob be in florida some time this winter so maybe if they have it there ill give it a try D
Try inviting more of your friends in here but make sure not to spam random people
Wyverns need more than one cave to nest in.
ErniETH we all inclusive here man. I got you anytime 
with all the hacks going around...i dont think its funny posting fake links and stuff
ayeee where in FL? i live down here and work  a cfa lol
Yea.. these shit coins eating ETH network.... Or was it an inside job from SOL big brains .. Lol
so we can split the caht  so many people
ouch mine as well.. wyvs are painful!
I got 1 friend in here that Ik is crazy about nfts I never just spam random friends on discord that Ik wont actually benefit the project
Ill happily share my rank with you Shroom!
this is the place for people who want to chill man. There seems to be more hustle on the other side
im in both caves so hard to keep up though haha
grinding is pain  .. I just get into usful convos... a WW ..   isnt it 
im bout to full as heck i got so much food
yes this is the way to do it  so much to gain from it as well as there are so many in dif cultures here
im so ready for this damn project already xD WEN AMA
me either i always send em the good ones or ones you just 1 click for whitelist just in case! ErniETH  to bad i didnt get a pic of me at 69
I want to be able to write in all uppercase so I can say lfgggg
Whos ready to push me to the top 3
prob orlando or something thats where most people from canada end up when they go to FL lmao
I cant read the chat in time when Im in cave 1
I didnt want to say anything lmao. Im glad we can all agree shes trying to pump fake us every 10 minutes haha. I think shes posting a picture.
hal my favorite is popeyes. Their chicken is much crispier and flavorful than cfa
Hahahaha the guys wouldve loved that
Lmao you are actually grinding so hard what time is it for you
i didnt have a convo to jump into but now i do  hows it going
to each their own. i like the grilled sandwiches at cfa better than the fried ones anyways so
Cant agree more.. Just love all the degens in the space... These times we are living in are someting of a lifetime....
1am but top 2 is easy just 1k exp
impossible so i stay in cave 2 lol
me to! i have so many questions for the team
damn bro youre about to start a chicken war in this channel lmao
I wonder when we will be able to use gifs  I need my gifs! KEKW but I do have kekw so I am fine with that as well
the moon will never come to you because you are like the sun. so brilliant
lmao fr maybe it was the big sol brains haha 
0x oh no the worst feeling gotta be if they take the snap shot and your rank is 201 LOL
how about we start a battle between cave 2 and cave 1 haha
stay up kings. we all in this together
You going to sleep anytime soon ? 
I never had their grilled sandwiches. Maybe ill look into that the next time i go. Is it amazing?
gifs are the way! i also need gifs!
Going smooth ... Just sitting next to a bed calling me to sleep but ignoring it and chilling out with u guys... hows it there ?  v1  when did u get into NFTs ... would love to hear your ape story 
Strugelabs Im sure when things settle down. They will have one
what kind of battle do you want?
Grilled chicken sandwiches from cfa are great
what else would you recommend cfa? i never had it before
oh i am staying up  all nighter for me. vegasm  im sure just ready for one asap!
its good im getting hungry but will snack on something soon. making a ton of friends here its awesome 
Idk Ive never heard of that server before 
just take a nap anyways lol rest is always important remember you can always come back stronger after you feel rested up and chat for even longer
maybe Im old and need to slow down. haha. superwasheddevil will be good for us. relax buddy. how are you today?
lol yea man its all good...she hasnt posted the fake link in awhile so hopefully she stops
kennayyy get a grilled club with pepper jack. its my favorite sandwich
no time for breaks. full degen mode commence.
I try to but always end up grinding even on breaks
If anyone stops by the bay area theres this really good mac n cheese place called Homeroom in Oakland and Berkeley
Haha popeyes ftw! Too bad they always skimp on thighs. 
yes my fellow wyv. That is the meaning of these communities 
Ill remember that if Im ever in town for a Warriors game
hey man my name is henry but thank you for the recommendation bro. i will definitely try it next time i visit
I mean xp is once every min dont know why people spam
lmfao my message got deleted posting the 9 sticker racer is that ur uwu? KEK
Some people just dont know lmao
Almost in the top 20 letss gooo!!
yeah popeyes is good! ive never had cfa though so i cant compare the two 
Kinda want u to go to sleep or smth
just wanted to mention the both of you guys since you were both interested hahah
they turn em on and off it seems like. Hyxder  not even a bad idea
hey can never go wrong with bubble tea ive been craving that today lol i havent had it in weeks
superwasheddevil  yeah he tried to tell me earlier that it didnt matter i tried to help him and let him know its every min LOL
Spamming dont work exp is just every minute
good job thats awesome  im just breaking 200.
ohhh ahah my bad man thank you again. everyone says good things about cfa so i really have to try it
he doesnt matter he is already green p
there were too many people chatting there. Not all are spam. we can only text once a minute right?
hahah im in both chats but cave 2 more for sure lol
Hope.gg they dont like lots of stickers
Cavesters.. i just got in top 200.. was at 450... Lets goooo 
Bro were all tired lets go to sleep at the same time
People cant wait I think. Have the urge to spam. Lol
She wants to catch up to him and take over being rank 1
Well maybe if i will be number 1 mods wilp finally notice me
im a basic kind of person lol its gotta be roasted oolong tea but if im feeling fruity ill go for a peach sweet tea drink its so good you have to try it
i saw!!! cg dude but keep goin. cant hurt to help the community
the bot can take a seat PUPepeMadLeaveFinger
you are awesome as well! good luck 
Someones mad coz was too slow to grab a nitro 
fok it everyone get bubble tea rn
It does sound delicious right about now right?
Exactly thats why I like this 1 minute timer
Yea.. i am a community oriented soul.. Lets add value wherever we go 
i see you i always prefer the sweet fruity drinks too i also go for like green tea or jasmin tea
Oo pepper jack cheese sounds soo good right about now. Im too busy talking here. I should get some food soon haha
midorima89 we should be good. Shes not ruining our vibes here in cave 2 LFG!
fluxray you dont have cfa near you?
so wait is this on sol or eth blockchain? i dont even know yet
yeah lemme just unplug em real quick! PUPepePunch
i dun need your fake nitro!  when you wake up ill be above you
ive never had bubble tea either 0
give em a good ol 30 second reboot!
you have an orc!?!?!? lucky mothaaaaaaa. I wanted one so bad...
cave 2 the best cave haha  cave 1 cant even compare to us 
AirWolf oh man i had a green tea faze for awhile like i was getting green tea everything for a min lol  i love green tea
Where ya from that there no bubble tea?
you gotta try it at least once in your life
find pretty god convo in chat 2 for sure
i love me a orange yakult from bubble tea shops
green tea is just so good and feels so comforting
ive never had bubble tea. it seems too too sweet
yeah i have two  one lv 36 w 22 zug bonus one lv 20ish just farmign zug for raids. the floor is a lot more affordable now compared to project launch
i like thai tea better personally
even everywhere in america has it!
yayy you giving us all bubble tea 
They dont have to be sweet! Theres all kinds. I like the brown sugar milk teas though and they are very sweet
but it seems there are a lot of people selected for the wl there
Hyxder the tea with the balls in it
Tell it to 2 litres of coffee i have drank 
i always get 0 sugar LOL cus the tapioca is already soaked with soakedcooked with sugar so thats enough for me. 
Wanted goblins to be just like them but they fumbled the minting and its probably not gonna moon anymore 
I think it depends on which flavour you choose
whats the alternative to pearls? ive heard people say this before just dont know what it is
thats true! so many calories in those
they could end this in a week  watch your back
milk tea sounds interesting. are there ones that are like iced coffees
Ive been a boba drinker for like 20 years! Certain parts of SoCal have boba shops on every corner.
Time to start making some dinner
i got so much sleep last night that i wont need any tonight 
yeah had seen. Will jump in soon most likely
What are the daily exercise routines yall do  ? ..
Im gona be level 100 by then and the only one in top 500 without a green name
at the moment yes when more people come in we will  need a cave 3
Pearls are the best part. My word you guys have me ready to Uber eats a bubble tea. Cave 2 was probably created by the Master Wyvern himself once cave 1 got way too hectic
sounds really great. where are you from?
10000 pull ups in a triple gravity chamber
cant relate either no sleep yet
than you have to wait a loongg long time
cave 1 because 1 is always the best 
man facts they are comforting as hell lol  green tea makes me very happy 
Infintrus been the best and will always remain the best
cave 2  best cave just like 1 BREATHE  1 BREATHE
Chia seeds pudding aloe coconut jelly lychee bits.....theres a bunch. And you dont have to get milk tea. Theres fruit teas and regular green or black teas.
pretty much everywhere close to me does as well
yeah i didnt like the whole way to get WL on there.. thats a super grind lmao
Cave 2 and chill cave is where I shall stay occasional rage rage
i have the same feeling for matcha
On the topic of boba whats your favorite place to get it?
Yeah theres coffee ones! Thats the first one I tried because my gf introduced me to them and she knows Im a coffee guy at heart haha. Im no expert on bubble tea though Ive only tried a few
Im not sleeping till green boys
you sound like a bubble tea connoisseur
so anyone here doesnt drink coffee? aPESHide
Yup! Gotta have choices. Coworkers are planning a boba order tomorrow since Postmates had a bunch of discount codes rn. Where ya at?
Hey Coach! Long time no see hahaha
youre almost to 200 now bro just 3 more spots ooga
Making some sausage with roasted asparagus
omg you made me just remember matcha matcha is top tier!!!!! i love that shit lol bro i swear matcha and green tea basically the same lol.
iamspencerb  were gonna be here for a long night haha no sleep it is then
i didnt get it lmao i just didnt try.
that sounds much more up my alley. ill have to try it when i get the chance. any recommendations besides that?
im really close too.....like 230
Matcha ice cream is where its at I love that so much
dude i swear they are the same too.. matcha green tea ice cream is insane.. we have this place in seattle that has the best match ice cream.. might have to get some tonight.
Gona feel bad passing my bro cade but it has to be done
Maybe just tell the people working what your tastes are and they should be able to recommend something youll enjoy!
how much milksugar yall put in your coffees
Spencer making it top 200 lfg keep going iamspencerb  wazhappy
Im rank 201 haha you right behind me at 203 
good luck  they are also going to do a lot of giveaways the mod said soon
good take. thanks lol im interested
do you have the leaderboard link by chance id like to it 
midorima89  keep pushing brotha youre almost there just keep vibin and interacting
BoNFT AirWolf omg matcha ice cream that stuff is insanse i love it  omg i need some rn LOL
this guy goes hard even though hes got WL respect!
yea im really excited about this...been here all day i hope i get one
thats alright dont give up tho youll eventually get there
Matcha ice cream after all you can eat sushi every time haha. Cant go without it its part of the routine
Hyxder plz trade 1 eth for green name
nm just playing val and grinding chat lmao
Yo guys how can i have a background for my rank in bot commands 
all black coffee too my people right here in cave 2
The place I usually get it from is closing down unfortunately. The guy is retiring. Ive went there ever since I was a kid
fluxray haha. Im not but we tend to go every week. Im boring and get the same things all the time
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
wow.. that is the one two combo for a perfect day
What rank are you in val? I have to grind for the battlepass
cant have all that sugar crap in mine lol
oh send me exp I need it to for my final push into the top! 
i hope that I will make it so you guys
Ive been at this since 5am and im barely hanging onto 197!!! thats crazy af to me tbh
get some rest lol youre man than safe dw ill be here when you wake to tell u how many ranks u gone up haha
BoNFT  same its kinda hard for me to get matcha i cream  i gotta travel like 30 mins away from where im at
your a good guy man...thank you for the enougrment much apprecaite
true need to keep it natural and somewhat healthy
Same here my friend! All I drink at home. Ill get something sweet once in a while at Starbucks though
Black coffee is very bitter. eww. I cant drink it
im also grinding for battlepass with Aawez  im diamond 2
what do you normally get? ive never had bubble tea but all my friends go crazy over it
plus it doesnt taste good to me like that
sheesh youre better than me. gotta give it to you man
dont remember the name of it but it was an actual grind lmao.
Hahaha yeah but I dont want to miss anything this community is the best for real
Whats up homies anyone know who mallaa is?
Im just 1 away from the top lol
na you learn to like it Ive been told black coffee is healthier than water
you havent had bubblle tea before? its so good you have to try it!
Oh yeah is that the one where everyone has the black and white pfp thing? KEKW
I heard someone mention it before is it good?
true same goes for me but I dont drink it all that often
Bubble tea is really good I usually go for a taro bubble tea
Drinking too much is not good my friend. Have you tried Vietnamese black coffee yet?
i need it when doing nft like i do lol
damn yall are same color kaiju as well haha
not yet I just drink any black coffee it doesnt even wake me up lmao
I think a good beginner drink is a jasmine milk green tea with boba. Or like the house milk tea with boba. If youre worried about sugar just ask for 50 sugar. Alot of places make it too sweet for me.
oooo vietnamese coffee heard many good things about it but havent tried it yet
Gus  yeah once you hit the bed you miss out on everything lol thats how it goes with nfts literally the only thing holding you back is your best friend  sleep lol 
Hyxder wow crazy to see how high people are up lol its insane how much messages there are
i seen you wtih me bro theyll notice us soon
damn what time is it where you are?
yea man great to see the whitelist ogs hanging around helping us get whitelist
They are busy playing league man
facts i been wanting to buy a pc just for val tbh
im feelin your name tough right now... the pain lol
coffee barely does anything now because nft drain me hahaha
betloserepeat  happy to have you here
I can proudly say its the best in the world. i will invite you if you visit vietnam haha
Hahaha theres some days I wish I didnt need to sleep
its okay ill bring you some sham pain when we get WL 
Ty me and my other brother Infintrus share it
whys that bad? I dont follow astrology haroldkek
hello guys i heard gifs were enabled here 
Cosmic Wyvern. Like Shroomvision Going Galt said. Are you...something different? Sus... 
haha but if you are making profits  then it is worth
The only appropriate answer tbh. Heard its the year of the wyvern 
Doing good man tryna get that coach Greg ice cream recipe 
I actually plan on visiting Vietnam in the future. I have a friend in another group that sends pics and it looks beautiful
its just regarded as a rude sign. associated with negativity
thank you sir  wyvern. Dachshundwizard  Twitch   i am the vibe brotha
yup its great to see that these wyverns are amazing and i cant wait for them to come out 
midorima89 best part is whitelisted still hanging around to chat even if theyre awarded already
AirWolf  yeah  but im not a huge fan like my girl she goes  crazy over that lol
good to see some mods in chat 2!
ahhahaah i did this for fortnite
oh the one where you need to hold it above ur head and if it doesnt fall on your head its good
even worse than gemini with the twin personalities ish?
patience is the name of the game 
Yeah lol we just have same jacket
yea man exactly...this shows what the community is about...i know whitelist is important but they got it and are still here
well my parent are viet but we live in NL. I was wondering where you are from in VN
nice man are you new in to nfts?
once i get WL im beating yo ass
Id like tot ravel to vietnam sometime soon!
Me too! Still working time in Cali. Double grind discord  work
Dude if you have it dm it to me no joke
brooo ive been at work since 830 doing the same thing. glad i have 2 screens
Do they make really good pho and spring rolls and summer rolls 
been in nft like 6ish weeks i believe right when bear market started  xD
exactly. There are many beautiful places that you can experience. Im sure you will love Vietnam. everyone loves vietnam when they come here
heard the stuff there is cheap too so i wouldnt be spending too much if i visit
wouldnt have said it any better community and project is gon do well i already got a good feeeling bout it
Strugelabs  hey atleast thats when every nft look kinda cheap lol till you saw the big ole eth price
i dont lol im not really interested in his diet i can use a bulk more than a cut
im just kidding Hyxder now everyone thinks i hate you. were actually married guys
anyone getting dressed for halloween?
might take a tiny nap. theres no deadline for wl yet right p
yea man great cibes...i hope we make it
can confirm that this is not cap
Gg. My work computer blocks all the fun stuff. Gotta grind on the mobile. Sucks. Off soon? I work 12s so I gots 3.5 hrs to go ......
its true plus if you get a rare on pretty much any project that sells out you are pretty good 
You have plenty of time look after yourself!
yeah does anyone have any insight when screenshot will be taken?
dressed up in my nighty so i can hit the bed
haha i feel the same way was never in love with taro but def an interesting flavor
i want to go there soon! wnat to try out yalls coffee shops 
gosh ate way too much for dinner
has anyone ever seen ghosts before on the topic of halloween?
Tryna cut rn been on a bit of a dirty bulk lol
ahh nice once covid is over Im flying over
i have 2 more hours here... just tryna to make it to friday!! weekend ahead
So you will share your wyverns?
havent been there but its on my future travel list
lmao I wonder what rank you are now
yessir planning to dress up as a baseball player lol kinda wack but its all i got
Strugelabs awh man my rarity luck been booty so hard to get rare nowadays
AirWolf ooooh nice doodle btw sadly i sold mine  yeah taro is good but like its got a unique flavor fosho
whats cave 2s floor predictions?
  niceeee but the weather is a bit meh. but overall its pretty fun
for me its really hard to gain weight
cave 2 op over 9000 gotta ask goku for exact number
ngl I believe Ive seen ghost before when I was a kid... not fake ghost like actual real ghost haha
exactly. you only need 2 dollars for a bowl of pho a dish that is already so famous.
i finally got to top100  i was top10 yesterday but went out for drinks and got way too drunk laugh
my best friend is from there he said its a great countrY!
same nft throwing off my diet as well.
I did something similar haha welcome back to the top
bruh go to taiwan food is good and food is cheap definitely worth the travel went with family two summers ago
haha top 100 is awesome man...top 200 is whitelist so your good
what kind of ghost man where did it happen!!? I think Ive seeen on too
oh man thats scary to dip to far down i need to push to 150 or less
Found its easy for me to gain but not to lose which is what I want right now
Sleep and wake up to top 100 from top 10
lmao is the grind that bad that you gotta be on at all times?
is cave 2 really better than cave 1?
Big semi holiday weekend. Any plans?
the table is always changing though..its hard to keep up!
2dollar pho cry  its like 12 where im at
Ye my whole family is now proud
unfortuna i want to gain weight but its har
ty ty you sold yours?! did you mint a few on mint day?
If you dont know where to go yet I would be happy to show you some places and enjoy delicious food
I feel you man I got the exact same
yeah thats a lot of hours haha p
its so tough for a skinny guy like me to gain weight. i gotta eat so muchhh
not really but i was away for like 16h dinner  drinks  sleep. pain already told hyx i dont want any kids just a dog laugh
not yet but im hoping that changes. Wbu?
should have plenty from family but feel free to shoot some of the best in my dms!
thats true...everyone here really wants it
thailand is the same probably cheaper
yea but they are guaranteed the whitelist now lol
Is the dc closed or we losing momentum
damn you lost top 10 that quick the community here must be insane haha
AirWolf yeah i was able to mint like 3 on mint day it was quite expensive with gas  my. average being .75 pretty good compared to others but it was still expensive
i didnt but i bought at the dip so it was a nice come up
ima make a note to visit thailand too I heard it was the same vibes
yes thats pretty normal. Everything is amazingly cheap in Vietnam
Trick or treating with the kid and watching the Braves beat the Astros 
I saw a white lady behind our house when I was a kid it happened behind our house which is a cemetery...
bojangles oh that is still your furry child
its really packed at least before covid it was
well itd be a lot of calories...
I think your safe too. so dont worry.
nah nah but im skinny still. but i dont have a problem with being skinny so no need to bulk
doing great just eating random snacks
AHHHHHHH THATS SO CREEEPY MAN!!! Hope youre not too scared
oh wow yeah that is still expensive but you sold them all im sure they went up pretty high
Come and experience the real thing. it will be better for you
who knows lmao. kennayyy  145 or something like that.
I agree with you he has to rest by now
I like when everyone tells you to eat more and then you do then its like ok what next lol
ayeee im rooting for braves as well!!! i hope they finish it at home over the weekend would be awesome to see!
Just gonna watch some football and chill you?
Watching basketball so I can stress about my fantasy squad as a break from stressing about NFTs
i didnt have the art skills for their whitelist lol
whos your best player on your squad?
ok no way this actually works lol if it does oh boy mans found the cure 
AirWolf  yea i was luckily able to snag one sub 1000 rank but i really wanted like top lol luckiest i ever got on a ranking was rank 24 on a project
0x  hey i sleep just not as of now lol
sheesh. gotta keep on grinding. youre gonna wake up and be at 201 haha
We back in cave 2 yall I missed everyone! 
I got scared when I was a kid its so creepy when I saw it
look Hyxder youve got a brother here
Hell yea what game im going to the city to see a dj
Hahaha just work out and make sure you reach your macros
feeling good man...just here...not going anywhere how you doing
James Harden but hes been shooting very poorly. Fred VanVleet is starting to get it together and I made some solid waiver moves with Horford and Bane to solidify my squad 
cave 2 is filled with actual conversations though its great
Thats awesome! have fun! Thursday night football packers vs cardinals
yes come to cave 2 the echoes that bounce off these walls and crevices are much cleaner 
yeah apparently hes still dealing with hamstring issues but hell pick it uo
Write a meal plan for me  ty my diet sucks
LA had so many hobos and I feel like the vibe of everything and even the people I talked to was so superficial  but then again I only visited the tourist spots
So when I was a kid I saw a ghost doll I was freaked the f out!
fr its just a vibe in here. no spamming
I smell a love collection  between me and 3 spot
Gotta order food but cant take a break from chat
welcome back to cave 2 the best cave cave 1 dont got nothing on us  
Zayd  it fr is once they opened up thecave2  ive been in here since LOL 
FREDDIE  yup exactly with cave 2 you can have actual convos with people where as cave 1 you just get a bunch of random spammers
yes there are a few canada meeps in here
Thats why I tried to keep convos but its hard
i think hyx only likes canadian people
Lmaooo yea a break from this could be little usefull what game is going on
yeah isnt for me like i said. Heard its worse now lmao
woot rank 141 we are getting somewhere  top 100 here i come
i cant even diet with all this nft stuff
Yo I can see that and I respect it
Fr man sitting at my computer for hours I forget to eat sometimes
lmaooo me either just eating my feelins away
my friends that lived in cali for a few years said the same thing when they came back about the superficialness
Im marginally sticking in the top this is challening.
thats amazing! i was lucky enough to get a 1 of 1 bonji recently that was the luckiest ive been
you saw Annabelle haha thats so scary
Both are good but we all know 2nd is better
Lmaooo hell yeah they dont know what theyre missing out on in cave 1
Hahaha I also hate diets I just try to keep my protein intake as high as possible its not the best way but whatever works
alright boys im going to take a small break from starting at my laptop talk to you all soon!!
Fabsss Ill be watching the Knicks and Bulls at 8 and the Warriors and Grizzlies at 10 
hopefully i do enough to hold my lead over the weekend or till it stops!
yoooo i am just wishing today would last forever
good luck everyone on soon to be giveaways
lmao!! or eat random shit which isnt good.
sometimes my body just wants to tkae over and slam my keyboard u dont get that feeling?
haha you can make today tomorrow too brother
work hard play hard everyone lets go!
My diet is the opposite I need to eat more but its tough to eat so much. I do need protein tho
Anything I can do I dont starve 
The Wyvern Wizard! we have a creepy old doll in our house when I was a kid and every night Im scared to go out of my room because the doll is just in a glass case in the living room and I would think that it walks around the home at night
Syd Rogers hahaha. I mean Im from the suburbs and dont love going to the cityHollywood area. Very overated and would definitely not live there. But its nice to go do something every once in a while. 
georgey  hell yeah! Gotta beat those cheaters!
Warriors fan? Curry gonna cook this year?
not even joking the doll kind of looked like Annabelle too. Can you imagine!!!
oh boy make sure you eat and hydrate every so often important to always mantain ur body 
AirWolf  do you mind telling me the  of it so i can have a look would love to see how it looks
Robert theyre missing out on a lot here lol genuine conversations always beats those spammers lol
Taut I feel that i had a hard time eating too
hahah that is true...im here more haha
Yep real good. you should also check out some of the other channels in this section ive found some super genuine people and im loving my time here
Totally agree only the real know cave 2 is better
Yeah they are! Love watching Curry play
anyone hear a trippy mf? ever become everyone? dancedance
same lmao and im also out of beer rn
if I ever pu again Im bouta go check out suburbs
add you pineapple to that and youre good
Yea ive gained the most weight when I started hitting the gym but then covid hit and I lost everything.
yes i am I think this is season will be his if he keep up his from the previous season
Try and at least drink a gallon a day hydration is okay just the diet is rough
Ohhh damn im mad im going out those are dope games
Yeah but whens klay coming back sir? 
seriously? Youre parents were trying to scar your childhood. Lemme guess your mom was a collector?
Taut yeah gym is a lifestyle. you can do pushups at home. I gained a lot of my weight during covid just from my banded workouts
yesser!! hawaiian lover here peepolove
Yeah Im trying to eat more as well been having 3 eggs for breakfast and it is hard for sure but every day we get closer
yea you got whitelist...you can rest easy lol
is that ketchup? Wont that ruin everything!
Haha. Suburbs got nothing to do really just residential areas. But I do like 15 min from Disneyland if thats anyones jam
its a big problem! havent even had one yet today
yea be sure to always eat tho diet is rough for sure tho
Taut  covid really had to and ruin everything man once i stargted going back to the gym and aos another wave hit and boom gyms shut down once again lol
Ive had it before its delicious
sheesh what if some of the top 200 active are already green thinksmirk
I wish I could be in discord at work 
I just had my first got an old friend whos visiting. Currently hes napping though so I have time to chill in here
Love the determination from everyone 
Eating in the morning is already really hard
Rasta then it gets pushed down further until we reach 200 people!
Everyone has a different goal go get yours buddy!
Hahaha that was me earlier dude
yea ive bought weights so I can work out at home and gyms recently opened back up again so I activated my membership again. v1 yea Im with you there cant afford gyms closing again on us
yeah haha nope it was my aunts doll when she was a kid and she took care of it for years lmao but it looks really scary and theres 2 of them too
its true. I have a spouse that cooks for me so easy
gonna take my dog out ill see ya guys later 
The roadmap is so good what do you guys think   
yea man....i wanna go to bed...wake up...see green haha
yeah just quit your job become full degen 
true he is the most important piece for a deep run in the play offs if he is healthy they just may win it all. But i dont know maybe early 2022
its the one with the antlers 1664
lol good idea nfts are a full time job
Good on you man! I love to dedication to working out! I wish I had a home gym to use too 
i went to eat and got passed by 20 people haha
Bye.....youve probably been chatting with sad dog eyes staring at you
it kinda sucks too. Its like having no energy to move when youre skinny
Taut ayy nice man. keep up the hard work i know you got this
Yea i skip breakfast too much I cant be doing that haha.
I wish I could quit my job and be an nft degen. Maybe one day boys
yeah it helps out a lot that is for sure!
This is the pride of my countrys cuisine. I want to share with you guys haha. Taut its chili sauce. For those who like spicy food..  FREDDIE  lets try it. you will never forget
you should try pho with bone marrow i give it a chefs kiss no kap
ahh did i message the wrong person....my bad i didnt mean to do that lol...im sure youll have it soon
thats legit the problem imma have later haha
it truly is or you will be left behind
Dont do that! Breakfast is sacred if done correctly
Yeah they neeeed that man 2022 seems so far away though  
I wanna see that man back already!
I wanna be a  and play with NFTs all day too
Going to bed and waking up with ground to cover
what rank were you earlier? LOL
Supaicy sheesh you know how to eat. Bone marrow is the best no cap
HENRYYY bone marrow is the bones marrow duh duh duh
Bro 2022 is too close Im still living in 2019
youre in the top 5 man! Theres no need to worry
yeahh true are you a fan of the warriors too?
that sounds bomb but idk why i would have bone marrow over like brisket tho haha
ah happy to hear that chili is great! 
cant wake up if you never sleep 
lolll okay if i get whitelist and they let me mint two...i got you on the second one
i mean you could intermittent fast and skip breakfast just eat well during day and no snacks at night
Hyxder guess who turned green..
youre gonna need to sleep sometime right??
only gonna be 1 per wallet I believe for max distribution
oh my bad i live in the rural areas of tokyo so ive never experience such delicacy before
You get what I mean  Just keep helping people out I guess.
Lmfao bro I need to order food but Im too scared to get off
Nah im not a fan of teams in particular rly just players. I like Curry and klay a lot though 
HENRYYY im sure tokyo has I live in the trenches of nigeria
whats ur second fav pizza? mine would be meatlovers
probably not because i wont be on during the weekend so gotta either get my WL or grind up high enough to stay top 200ish
this is the goal or at least a mini whale 
yea i usually just get 2 good meals in the day and thats it. I dont drink any soda given that shit up ages ago
ahh tryna make Faudi feel a bit betterhaha
And whatever support you get makes the difference in a weight loss journey glad youre not alone
just order it at a lightning speed. so you can get straight back in here
yeah its crazy how this chat as been non stop active
oh man nigeria?? i didnt know you guys had internet out there. im glad to you meet you my nigerian brother
Nice a guy i never seen got green lfg
Its so hard keeping up the grind and working lol
HEY BROTHER !! who u calling brother
lmao this guy he didnt know nigerians had internet ahah
this project has real potential ive been here all day and the community has been so awesome
420 said to tell you he hates you hahaha
Wow just because im from nigeria that means i dont have internet. I have a little box i share with the community brother
cant be sleeping or you get past in so many ways in NFT land
dont be jelly congratulate him he probably did something that wasnt in chat like art or a meme bro dont hate on him
OOuch! youve busted my other eardrum this time! The goblins take your gold or something?
yeah i gave soda up long ago as well. so useless
well then we got a lot of competition
i agree! cant wait to see it grow more.
bro why would 420 hate anyone tho thats so unchill
oooh i feel you. that takes some real dedication
wow i always wanted to visit tokyo!!
oh shiit my real brother is here
He doesnt actually theyre pals Im pretty sure
i just hope that gas prices can slow down its been crazy in the past few days.
wow long lost brothers henry and henryyy HENRY
yep and its only gonna get bigger and better! love to see the growth 
HAHAHAH this was good i wont even lie
Yea i prefer water over almost everything now. I do love juice tho  Cant go wrong with that.
gas been out of this world lately
we gotta continue grinding hard in this chat
Im a lie detector so dont lie to me
Cave 2 is where all the lit people are!!!
i see you with the Luffy pfp brother
juice has so many sugars as well though sadly unless you just get pressed frsh juice or do it yourself
Havent touched cave 1 in a while
Ehhh nice work! Share some of that green with me
another oneeee... dang congratss man! what lvl are you? what rank?
you know youre old when you prefer water. Me too lol I love water
Congrats brother  well deserved
lufy the goat hehe I still need to catch up on the anime...so many episodes dead
Bryand Congrats man! Howd you get it? 
I prefer water over everything everytime I drink soda now it gives me heart burns
yea its got lots of sugar. But i dont eat candy and rarely the occasional chocolate. Juice is my carb intakes now.
soda violates my system. Cold water or hot water?
dont even get started with all the astrology shenanigans
when its my turn haha. Ive been looking forward to the green name for 2 days
hang out have fun and the watchers will bless thee 
whatever water is filtered haha.
Looks like hard work doesnt pay off
you got a pretty cool pfp too my man you look straight up gangsta no kizzy
damn my man...thats awesome...congrats
hell yea this project popping off
you can get one by being active and engaging to the community
It will in the end it always will
Dr.Gino Robert Shisyuo 0x appreciate it !!!
broooooo its nice af. went there for a month in 2019 w my friends
WOOHOOO what an awesome fam here
why do you say that faudi? pepenaruto
what do you recommend from there
oh fr!? what you guys do there?
I swear mods are in a call rn discussing a plan how to no include me into the green gang
we gonna join you man i can feel it
dont worry plenty of chances still! WAGMI
i just dont see how it makes any sense at all feel free to enlighten me though
Keep up the great content coach Greg!
Whats up guys? Didnt know there was a 1 min cool down in other chat so just wanted say hows it going ! Im new here
what level you hit when you got your whitelist?
Go for it man! Green name is just waiting for anyone you have to be active too. And check always for giveaways
Faudi my boy is hurting you got it man dw
arent you going to get it regardless? since your rank is so high up there?
thats good to hear  glad im early and its fully WL now and 1 per
Dont be mad the project is just a day old lol
no worries bro. you love to see it
Lets go fam im almost there haha
Im not mad im gona grind a whole month if needed
HENRYYY I would love to visit Tokyo one day its one of my goals actually
yeah. always be active and wait for luck to come to me.
praying i wake up to a better kinda morning glory
wdym? to eat food go to the 7elevens therethey have fresh onigiri cheap alcohol to pregame w good fried chicken etc go walk around and shop at akihabara go to mt fuji go to sensoji temple visit an onsen
My name is anyone and Ive come to claim my whitelist.
Is white list already finished ?
discord is such an interesting plce!
I trade memes for green name yes?
good to see some mods in here too or at least MAGNESIUM
Dude i wanna go to japan too! Tokyo would be so nice to see! One day i need to go with a group of friends 
This project is blowing up for suree
Nope! Refer to whitelistinfo or faqs to learn more
Just started my friend  this discord only been open for a day
dark light with flash is pretty cool tho
in a month the sale is already over sale is 2th or 3th week of November
you definitely should bro! its so nice here
check out sneakpeek if you havent people have made some great ones
How do you choose? I feel like everybody asks that a lot
TylerTakesATrip I want to get so sauced up that I sleep on the street for a day. since its legal to do that there
Its only getting started! Theres 200 spots for top 200 rank but plenty of other spots for giveaways quizzes and generally positive and helpful community members!
Its going strong for a server that started not long ago. Its amazing
I want to visit there! It sounds so fun
we ALL gonna make it lol...maybe mods bless us haha
yes plenty of opportunities left to get WL 
its literally just a convenience store there. there are more 7elevens in japan than anywhere else
appreciate it boss yall doing a good job!
Thats the spirit youll be whitelisted in no time
I definitely might in the next couple years tickets are so expensive from where I live because I live in the Caribbean so its multiple connecting flights
yes and whole project will be WL
just be you and be active that is the key man keep going you will get there !!
im so tired i dont even know wht to say mostly xD
you still saying controversial stuff? lol
im not ur real brother YOU ARE ME
and when snapshot of top 200 is here u for sure in it so dont worry. its just a matter of time
ahh i see. how is the carribeans right now?
Nice to have active mods and devs. By the way you guys got any green names left? Im chill I swear
ah talking abou jp this what happens when u chime in on a chat this big 
mad anime stuff everywhere p cool
lets see whatd you have for breakfast today?
IMXApe GUH777 BearX thats good to hear
theres still lots of spots left
Just fun conversations. how are you buddy?
What?? really! it has just 1 day old?
How to check rank? And also can I go and chat in all the discords or will that be considered spam or whatever. Just hard to have convos with 1 min cool down
Same to you as well! Les go! How u doin?
KietHoang im good bro just want top 20 then imma sleep how are you?
Stay tuned in the announcements and giveaways  channels
yeah little over 1 day old i think.
no cap. thats the only way. just be you and come hang out with us
lmao hope you get to do that some day. dont catch a cold tho
Fugazzi yeah thats what ive been doing when the chat has this much of a cooldown
GBMM  go to bot commands and type !rank
Ok giveaway soon time to read the bible and koran
Very hot haha but exciting for my island right now as I work in the yachting industry and its a busy season coming up.
someone else got WL? Congrats to whoever got it!!
its interesting to see how the collection size is small the demand will be super high with a low supply
Dont you get a lot of storms tho
oh snap yachting industry? what is that? never heard of that haha
Nice thats always a nice start. you throw honey in there?
yatchting industry wow. thats pretty awesome dude
my guy you still trying to keep yourself at the 1 huh
oh so glad to hear this. you have worked very hard. Im fine buddy. already in the top 200
Bless you guys youre all killing it really 
Everything about this project is a great sign tbh
we keep moving up thats for sure
what do you recommend doing over there that isnt over hyped??
thanks for the advise gino keep up the positivity
Cave 2 is catching up to cave 1 in activity it feels like
Hahah yeah I actually experienced hurricane Irma back in 2017. Probably one of the most insane experiences of my life and Im used to hurricanes
top 3 and no WL but theres been a bunch of ppl whove gotten it!
Mazeltov need that upward movement
 as i said I plan to be here for a long while not qfing
Yeah I live in FL so Im in the same boat lol
hey bro did you do any art or memes?
both are going crazy and not even 5k in here hhahahah
so many eyes side by side like that looks trippy af.
damn im getting exertional headaches again..
i recommend the japanese cafes because the girls are so cute
Get some rest tino! You been at it for so long 
Big ups to the people posting in fanart  all the pieces look amazing 
yea man their roadmap got me hypee!!!
yup honey peanut butter oats oatmilk and vanilla protien poweder
KietHoang yea man i was 270 now im 31 haha been a 12 hr 30 min grind
im a wyvern with my wyverns in my wyvern cave. yeah we committed
Not a bunch of people just 83 spots and a lot from twitter and giveaways
its got us all hyped it is why we are here D
no problem brother. im here to keep the spirits high and help how i can.
Taut  sorry g. i get what you mean
Im repping cave 2 from now on though
sounds similar to my overnight oats recipe 0
im a wyvern with my wyverns in my wyvern cave.
Nice! I got here earlier today its 4pm for me
Are we only allowed to type in one?
Dayum bro. Dont forget to drink water.....what would I do if discords didnt remind me 
Girls? I havent seen a girl in months. Can I stay with you when I come to tokyo?
I work in the industry of huge luxury boats almost like hotels on the water hahah. Heres a picture of one 
ayeee we jus wyvern bein wyvern with my wyverns in my wyvern cave 
AirWolf lets pass him bro we can do it kek
we got this man  nice boost  i hear they were handing out WL to some boosters last night.
Bruh didnt have anytime to check other medias today
Nahh were just claiming this one is better because its the one were all in. It was also easier to carry a conversation in here for a long time
blame the cute japanese dog for that
yea man this project is going to be insane i cant miss out on this
Taut it is you should 100 try it bro its sooo good my daily shake
VeroSolo ty bro gonna grab more now but i want OJ too haha
haha thats true...thats why you boosted the server haha
My last hurrican experience was on 2005 in south america tho
okay sounds good supaicy you can slide into my dms anytime you want 
kennayyy yeah you can stay with my anytime i live in a 4 story house
you only get 1 xp roll per minute.
do not miss out its gonna be lit
damn thats the dream looks real nice
Oh that is dope! Im glad when I see your name in here!
ahh fair enough. I went to sleep and this chat opened up haha
I actually have a pet wyvern in my back yard
lets goooooo someone is gonna overtake you sadly
what do we need? top 100 to get WL?
we here for a long time! not a short time! and to pass Hyxder in ranking. k thxzzzzz
no i boosted before i knew then someone told me here.
Yeah cave 1 got too crazy so they diverted some traffic over here.
WOAH! that looks insane dude! do you like it?
So accommodating. I like that a lot from you. These are the people we meet in here. Wagmi going to the moon at this rate.
Yea i use to make a very similar shake but havent done it in a while. been slacking on the gym since it closed on us and just recently opened again.
Your avatar is very beautiful. I love it
insane dedication from the young Faudi
Yeah hurricane Irma was the 2nd strongest hurricane ever recorded and we got hit when it was at its peak. It was insane. 250 mph winds
going to sleep and ull probably be out of the top 200 lol
Yeah I can see haha soon there will be 3
GM fam. I see they had to split the cave into two haha
anyone heard the song Back In Bood
just be active and engaging and theyll pick you
damn yall killing the game...im just tyrna get top 200 lol
just got myself some OJ and doritos lfggggg
how many casualties were there?
Ok admins u wana play it hard lets go
yes i feel so close to you even though we never met before
By tomorrow I would think so. Probably gonna grow a lot overnight
simply having a nice chat with someone man. everyone here is very friendly and I dont get tired
All of u have been amazing today
Hopefully im blessed by the mods lmao
yep sadly!  hopefully a lot of the top 200 win some giveawayshand picked for WL
haha enjoy  put something nice on and chill in chat.
congrats! I hope to join you at some point
Yeah well I have like a whole day ahead so probably will grow by tonight
get some rest bro. i think top 14 is safe for now. hehe
good night bro! nice talking to you today pepelove
Im trying my best lets keep it going
Sheeeesh 4 stories?? what u do for a living gangsta?
Gn. Hope you wake up to good news!.....and that youre still top 200
peace broski! may the RNG gods be with you apuatokuchiyaya 
about to do some pull ups at the gym
wow level 14 that is isane....it will pay off for sure man...congrats
Gona note ur name and troll when i get my green
I love it. I dont actually work on the boats themselves but I do get to go on at times. And Im always seeing celebrities so its fun
Wow nice I doubt therell be much slippage even past 100
Ohh gotcha its evening here. Where are you from?
gratz brother gets a good nights rest
what if i get green before you because im nice 
Hope you have a really goodnights rest and hope to see you again tomorrow
Not eating breathing or drinking or blinking until green name. 
which celebrities have you seen??
Youre gonna ascend to new heights my boy!
I see big things in the future for us 
gotta get way up there so i can actually do stuff this weekend!
ur tryng to hard now they wont give you green because u ask to much
same goes to you whos that in your pfp?
Aus  Just woke up pre much haha
Damn didnt even realise there was a second chat haha
I agree! I can already see our name in green 
Then go buy a lottery ticket coz it means ur blessed by god
Im on the moon. i can see you haha
yea depending on where you are....when you wake up....discord could be blown up lol
sounds bliss I should go get some doritos. I love sweet Chili heat.
hello im back hows everybody doing
This is Shohei Ohtani! An insane baseball player!
Gus We gonna party hard when that day comes!
no just nice and helpful goes a long way for the modsadmin in most group 
Nice Ive always wanted to visit! Learn to surf chill for a bit
you wasted xp making this.. shame
sickkkk whats your job on there?
i love the pirates of the carribean bro
damn must suck.. looks boring up at mars.
Yo welcome back glad to have you
you might cut your hands on the dragon spikes
Doesnt hurt to ask.  Dear cosmic Wyvern pls bless with WL?.......
i dont even win discord giveaways u expect me to win lotteries
guys anyone saw the bitcoin flash crash
This chat is goddang exploding sheesh coin
I know the day is close lets stay strong
welcome back v1 its nice to see you
Fingers crossed that the next lotto or quiz comes before I have to duck out to work
depends what kind of doritos are you eating
kennayyy  hello good to see you still in here 
Ive seen mike Tyson micheal b jordan Dana white Cuba gooding jr a couple rappers. Theres quite a few ahaha
oh a dragon in a wyvern discord. I still approve
sour cream and mild chili flavor slaps
Oh its closer than you think! I feel it coming mate! Just hold on!
i have to believe you now. you sent proof
Is the dc locked or smth why not getting 5k
woah!! those are some famous celebrities. thats awesome man. do they give a lot of tip? haha
Hahaha its been cool to grind alongside you friend hopefully we will get our goal soon
you gotta be engaging to the commmunity or win a raffle to get WL
bet a lot got liqudiated in that time
Yessir glad i have a buddy to ride along side in this journey  
i think its exclusive in my country lol u guys missing out
I know. Im just messing around.
Yeah the style of the art is dope
your right Ill get some stiches to pet a wyvern
yeppp loads of leverage players.. i think its intentional personally lol
yep made a quick buck overnight
awesome to see for sure...makes nfts more epxensive though lol
Well meet each other again once our names are green
yeah just be your self and be active and you will eventually get it just dont give up the mods are watching !!
I want to try them so bad now and I know that I cant. Wonder if I can find them online
Hahah well they definitely tip the workers on the boat very well. We dont deal with them face to face as much at my job I deal more with the captain and crew of the boats
Sure man! Ill be buds with anymore here!
Hmmmm. I dont know how I feel about this combo. Which country has this? Spicier Nacho is goat.
yea I dont think we got those atleast I havent seen them.
ahh i see are you an engineer or something?
wow i never hearda bout that does seem exclusive wow south africa has it good lol 
Gus  i thought you was gon take a rest what happen LOL
fr dont give up youll eventually get there
imma have to see where I can find a plug for those lol
I just want to say. thank you everybody for the good vibes and fun convos. Lets hope we all get listed and complete our goals!! 
no but im i have a few sexual fantasies
prob me mate I have to catch up on some sleeep
Main job haha nfts and cryptos are my side hustle when I get the time
Too many Wyverns in Cave 1. New cave has risen to overtake Cave 1.
Slowmode is less long here or its the same?
the country would be south africa bois 
v1 listen id rather not have these chips and have electricity at all times of the day bro trust me it aint worth hahahaha 
Taut sounds wild but why not try order online xD
shud we have another cave? cave 3
how are you doing and who was your top pick?
yea tip your servers their job isnt easy
Hahaha hello pal I cant seem to rest while I know someone is taking my precious spots in the rankings
Let me send you a message and I will let you know KEKW
Yessir hope to see you around here often! 
what other exclusive flavors you got over there?
Are you actually looking for a job on a yacht?
steph curry and im 10 so far. wbu?
how u change ur server profile pic
Nice! I got Harden and Im also 10
steph curry is too good greatest shooter alive
steph is going to have a great season!
keep hitting me w these i love em
very nice pick my man you using espn fantasy?
cat in this gif is soooo adorbs
Its shower time tho lads see yall soon 
I loved loved Italy when I went. So much wine so much good food. Positano was gorgeous. Would  go back!
i like ben simmons jump shot. he just needs the confidence really
No I more handle clearances for boats etc so I meet the boat on the water with my RIB big dinghy and I get their passports etc
Recently a snack shop opened up near my place they have all sorts of different things from multiple countries. I might be able to find it there! or something else interesting haha. I just dont get snacks too much so I havent seen what they got lately.
haha this reminds me of pokemon curry
fr his three points are always on point
LMAO i forgot about that situation gots to keep that generator running lol 
Gus  facts cant go to rest knowing that someone replaced you  
The Rock  100 steph curry is the greatest shooter of all time no one can compare we really got the best shooter in the nba in our generation
livin good man hope you are too
yeah man its insane his release is insane
yeah i like him but seems like lots of haters out there
Keep going bro! I think he sleeping
i got a crazyy pump rn just did 3 sets of pull ups
youre already in my g. guess that means youre highly educated
how are you leveling this fast lol i dont get it
i thought you were talking about another type of pump lol
fr I tried doing his training before and my skills kinda improve
at the gym rn? haha grind never stops
cave 3 will be for straight partying
just a lil booster representation for the server haha party soon green hopefully
Its kinda easy moving in top 20 coz they all got wl and not chatting any.ore
And there hasnt been any giveaways how am I supposed to sleep if my name is still colorless
Definitely but yachties definitely get paid decent. And it can be a fun job I imagine. Traveling the world for free and getting paid for it
have you ever been to the US by chance?
tummysalumi  ayee get them gains in that pump feels and looks amazing bruh i need to hit the gym again 
CamzRC everything matters ty for boosting pink looks so good on you 
u gotta talk in the cave on ur phone when ur showering bro that is the way
omg i am rank like 692 hahahaha L
we should just rock with two caves so there can be an all out war one day between caves
Gus I feel that man its getting late for me and Im not trying to sleep just yet LOL
when are we going to have a dance partty yall?? We need a dj up in here
who wants to play...would you rather??
have you been to this japanese restaurant in NYC named Sako
yeah but the differnence in xp is huge in the top 10
BadBoyKarma whats up? Welcome to cave 2
I was too. you get through the higher numbers pretty quickly
 dw bro just say GN and the giveaway will happen like 5 mins after. Everytime
awww this cat looks so cutteee 
v1 my mans youre too kind yeehawlove
Ehats the difference between cave and cave 2?
I have spent like 20 hours in total to get this lfggggg
dawwwwww i love it its so fluffy
lol this is so random but it made me laugh.
Hahaha we gotta make sure we dont drop far down on the rankings
haha its oke you will make it up you just need to be yourself and be active eventually you will get there
i joined yesterday but didnt grind or anything until now so yeah so far behind
corm44  yeah i think low level is fast but once like level 5 above gonna be hard af
Lmao everyone here seems to like cats what about dogs ? My next gif choice
So bullish on this project I know this discord will blow up
okay just make sure you stretch beforehand ahah
nahhh man I dont thinks so. youre here with us so probably not.
Hot pot. haman spouting random tales. Keep it up!
Gus what rank are you right now
The Rock Nice to see you brother
Not if theyre actually looking for people to contribute
Solid advice! Ill report back with results
299  slipped some when I went to go watch james bond lmao
awh if u ever have the chance be sure to visit cali first lol 
8BitLolitas i have not i havent even to nyc yet  
Robert  most def it will blow up thankfully were still in the very early stages and plenty of wl spots to go around
I like the cave 2 vibes fr a bit more relaxed
i been seeing Faudi in here. get chats
Im afraid thats whats gonna happen not taking chances
Ive been missing them. I need to pay more attention in cave 2
Faudi been going crazy over this WL
Honestly Devs probably asleep HAHA
I was daydreaming today and I saw that this product is going to take off. Thats so raven style
Yessir people are going to be so jealous of us soon enough 
The minute hyxder goes offline its game over for him
Im at work. But I have 2.5 hours to go and very little actual work left to do. So Im getting paid to be on discord 
Thats so raven is the best show!
damn this community relaly active lOL
haha yeah cave 2 is definitely more relaxed and ppl have good conversations here
yeah hopefully they notice but server gonna be more and more people and bots once its like 10K gonna be too much spamming mods cant even see us
thanks boss  its a new project i found
lit well worth the watch fsho! you seen it?
!CosmicWyverns Rummy159 when the chat in this server is as dope as this easy to get back in the flow salute
caught me lackin. how do you do the spoiler bar? LMFAO
Faudi hes waiting for you to leave first
not sleeping here.. wht lvl and rank u got?
How often do they give our roles ?
tino cali is great food vibes weather aveeyrthing bout it its just expensive tho lol 
Robert yup we found ourselves a gem for sure so lucky to be in it so early
yeah I just hit level 6 a bit ago. now it will be tough to climb ranks
facts howd you like james bond?
Im rank 42 Ive came far but I could still go beyond not giving up
bots are super easy to spot tbh.
nice man you are still early in here
Im still a bit jealous you live in Japan haha
Ngl we should do a gang vs gang vs cave 1
And we def will wincoz of me ofc
so who knows what a wyvern is lol
mine was pretty hot earlier but now its pretty cold outside but its humid lmao
twitter its not hype at all  i just like the art so far
pain no I meant the dude thats rank 2 !! You do be chilling my guy keep it up!
Level 9 soon still not in top 200
Gus yessir! i like that from you
haha im jealous you get to see so many celebs!
hows the weather for those outside of Canada?
every so often i think yesterday we only 19 and today were at 86 so that was a huge jump
Yup thats the thing with timezones Im afraid
Yeah it do be getting chilly need some more jackets 
oh damn Faudi is in rank 2 now holyyy
How do you check the top 200 thing?
Welcome! Its chill in here. How are you doing?
Leaderboard can be found here httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
When i joined dc u alrdy  had 10k so gl man u will need it
Ranks get little harder when its low
whats the difference in this and thecave lol
i heard bots are getting smarter i saw one the onther day the time coded to write a message is random and messages are pretty human too!!
liked a lot can tell a lotttt of work went into that one. not the best bond film of Daniels imo but not his fault regardless very happy to have gone to see it
Syd Rogers dry? I dont think Ive ever had dry hot pot. Any chains that a Californian would know about?
BadBoyKarma EZ money is the best money 
damn all i see is ur number 1 spot
The wyvern is a fictional winged reptile that appears in medieval folkloric tales.
Kururuvi go to botcommands and type in !rank
All good thanks bro ! What about you ?
fr and chillcave too its more relaxed there than thecave
yeaahh the art is so fire. im so curious to see all the different kind of wyverns they have
Hahaha it becomes nothing after your first couple. They are people just like us. A lot are actually super nice!
Cave 2 is where all the lit people chat 
Were the bigger better shinier version. Cave 2.0 we got nicer vibes in here
no doubt  the higher ranked ones will be cool to see
Ya I felt the same way nothing will beat casino royale and skyfall for me but I thought it was a good end to the criag era
It seems you joined 4 hours after I did tho pepethink
close to Canada it super cold in that area right now
soon will have cave 3 when number of members are higher
cave2 master race you know the vibes
haha yea ive heard that. i never met any celebs before
omg my grind has got to continue then
LMAOOOO gotta add that one to the books
i need to use the bathroom but i am currently trying to engage in more conversations here
fr we just vibing here and listening to each other
so like a dragon basically....just cosmic wyvern sounds wya cooler than cosmic dragon lol
there was one earlier theyre like a limited time event 
u will get green when you hit rank 1
Im doing well! Meeting a lot of new people in here and everyone seems reallly cool. Happy to be a part of building the community 
Dr.Gino3335  I heard vibing was actually the Doctors orders so I had to
Theres ranks? Seems to defeat the purpose of looking for actual people but I guess it helps when someone gets upset that they werent given WL but have half a page of interaction. lol
anyone else absolutely vibing rn
TylerTakesATrip Ayye tyler wassup man
xp given per min though but yeah i guess its harder to reply to people in 1min slowmode
Mazeltov idk imma go look it up for you
Thats just rank not leaderboard
Hyxder ill just be active in general then. No way i can get to the top 200 people that posts the most messages. Hyxder can I ask how you and the other greens already got their WL? is it being the first 500?
GL am not willing to give it up easy though dance3
Yeah but who remembers the candy crush days 
a wyvern does sound pretty cool
Is quality. Everyone on cod still falls for it
yea i know i thought it was permanent sadsmile
It only makes the victory tastier
Yeah thats what it is for so people who get WL really did work for it
only if they know abt it they dont market it in the USA
oo we aint ready for that one wow
im like rank 460 rn grind dont stop
just another channel for people to talk to because cave 1 alone is too chaotic
They are rewarding members based on organic activity so you do not necessarily have to be top 200 to win whitelist this accommodates for people that cannot be as active because its understandable that people have to work
wait so its not about ranks right? mods just look out for people who interact. But its kinda hard cos so many people typing.
gl bro just gotta keep engaging with the community and youll be top 200 in no time
A more chilled out version of the main cave
grinding deeznuts on ur face all day
its been awhile since last giveaway think youre in the clear might be better to sleep and miss one giveaway than be tired during theDev  active hours and miss 5
lmao no cap people be running it up in there
Hyxder you think my fan art is enough to get WL ? 
I tried working today and I got like 20 done of what I needed to KEKW But im lucky I work from home. But also yeah tomorrow I need to do more work tbh.
Well community is what sets the best projects apart. Thats part of the reason cyberkongz is the blue chip of blue chips
yeah man we just vibin together thats all
ya Ill just make conversations with ppl in general. no way i can be in the top 200.
What project yall most boolish about
I hope you do get it mods always look over so 
focus on ur work bro thats important!
Hyxder yes its a hard balance IRL
lol only?? at least you made top 200!!
thats brilliant theres 4500 memebrs in the discord my boy
sup cave 2 we lurking in the night!
Flaunting your green in here. How dare you sir! Jk looks good on you
So whats the difference between cave and cave2? seriously why is there like 2 caves and rage and chill? kinda confusing to me
I was just talking and then I turned green Kek
facts this project is straight 
For sure it is! I agree! Tomorrow I will be working more. I PROMISE! KEKW heartlove
how much passive income yall think we gonna get from this nft
im going to make some tea real quick. anybody want some??
haha true only safe when we see that green
Making pixel art is not ez . Im tryna figure out shading . Thats the hardest part
1000 been on it all day but i dont plan on stopping
Why we have the cave 2 already?
Thats why I have a lot of faith in this one never seen a community this active before
hahah this sound pay the finance on it for sure loll
Has to be enough to pay my California mortgage
probably some chai. chai hit different
server is growing  cave 1 got too hectic
This is how it always goes. Next thing you know you have every lambo
fr and chillcave too is such a vibe
its gonna be WL only sale wont be a gas killer
wont be suprised if we get cave 3 within a few days  cave 2 is popping  the server is growing massively
Lol  think cave 3 will come soon then
I spent all my money trying to bribe a mod for wl but he scammed me
sounds good  keep up man. im just relaxing at home ready to some stuff
Me too! I want to learn how to make animated pixel art
egg tart yes maybe itll slow down enough to have proper conversations
its like 0132 AM where im at so i wont be able to get my hands any bubbletea rn sadly
exactly dude idk man this channel just feels more relaxed than 1 lol can have more conversations
yeah cant respond to everyone sometimes haha
i cant sleep if i drink tea at night. tea makes me wide awake more than coffee ever does lul
im sorry ser we just met cant call me a beauty just like that. pls dinner first
hahah you might need to move from cali haha
I work at a middle school. Theyre extremely easily perplexed
thats why I enjoy this cave more than cave 1
where theres a will theres a way
not really yet but would be cool haha
My bad ser I will gladly take you out on a fancy dinner. But I expect a reward from your end afterwards.. Ice cream
They could cut the slowmode in half and it would still be manageable Im guessing
yeaah fr we need to put chai tea on the map
Kururuvi tea really calms me down. so perfect when im just chilling. but it never makes me sleepy
wingedwyvern handsup cryptopunk4156
ya it doesnt make me sleepy too it makes me wide awake lul
they did at one point and it was xD
Hahaha. Keep increasing taxes over here   Dr.Gino tea so late? Chrysanthemum?
AirWolf i got vanilla and chocolate pick ur poison
my bad brother ill just move across the globe to go get some
!CosmicWyverns Rummy159 thats true
234pm why would you be...lkol i joke i joke
Dr.Gino just get a aardbeien theetje
Yeah the other channel looks like bot cancer
tino so why did they put it back if it was manageable?
I have a chai latte with oat milk every morning. Perfect start to the day
do you have some matcha inhouse? although it keeps u awake sadly
3500 Wyverns def need more caves
still trying to get wl before its to late
girlfriend is coming guess i gotta cut this one short
its not bot cancer its organic just too intense man XD
Madge haveabeefwithmediscordstatic peepoSipSpinHypet
Havent really checked out chillcave tbh imma have to vibe in there a bit later
you got this just be active and youll have a chance at receiving a WL
lol i hope been here since start
i live in canada man...our taxes have always been high...but we get health care lol
i dont someone else did i was correcting him 
when did you buy your blue punk sir?
Do you make yours at home? I live in the literal middle of nowhere so no place to go get one haha
VeroSolo yeah man i love tea at this hour. idk what that other word means 
egg tart nahh mann its just tea. but i do like to put some sugar in it
sorry i never had a punk before. Hoping this would be my first one of many
Oh no... There are bots in there. Theyre super easy to spot. Just find the ones that dont reply to tags and only post NPC messages that have nothing to do with any topic being discussed or constant LFG. Usually they wont ask questions because when they never reply its a dead giveaway.
So many grey names maybe i should get greeb one to mix it
i dont really drink hot drinks tbh i like tea occasionally though
Isnt your discord profile picture an alien crypto punk?
ngl lowkey I be dirty as hell in pong
wow thats a lot man i dont put sugar in mine
youre under arrest! you have the right to remain silent anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law
yea i also too am dirty in pongo
Stolen!! Discord should have a feature like the upcoming twitter one with nft integration
yeah i pirated it from google LOL
ping pong is so much fund...but we call it table tennis haha
hot drinks r soothing to mi during the colder days
Ahh I used to only drink iced but started drinking hot and now I cant go back
I be callin the cups I shoot for Im nasty dawg
lebrobster sounds great. great way to start the day
kevi yeaah oc course. i got like a variety box with different flavours
What i do when I cant afford it
What part of Canada? I visited Banff and Jasper a few years ago and they was sooooo much nicer than the US National parks
you have the right to an attorney if you can afford one one will be appointed to you by the state
i really like cold drinks more refreshing
do you guys also put some honey into your tea?
TheCoaster I saw that yeah. okay. okay.
straight outta of a coming of age movie loool
Hey freddie nice to see you again. That would be a pretty cool integration system
i love iced and hot drinks depends on how i feel tbh
Shouldnt you have gotten WL w the first 500? shit wrong person. Meant to reply to the guy you replied to. lmao
Charging phone 3 times a day thats how we do this in faudi town
oof then u gotta try cold drinks in 30C
cold drinks in cold weather hit different bam
oo yea that place is beautiful...im from toronto so other side of canada haha
you should check it out we are just vibing there talking about stuff
Halooo morning all from my zona time
you know whats funny when I sell an nft and it was my pfp I automatically take it down when it sold. Got to stick to the code
A hot drink first thing in the morning is just chefs kiss
yeah from time to time. when i feel like it
imagine if you had 3 people in different timezones just being active in the chat. That would be wild
are you on phone all day or also pc
lmfao gino survived the ban and is going hard now movie
nice that is what i like to hear mnan
if you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present you have the right ot stop answering at any time
Oh hahaha. Its a tea type. Pretty mellow wo caffeine I think. My husbands really into it.
midorima89 sweet city! I missed out on the family vacay to visit the Toronto cousins. Maybe one day.....
yesss hot drinks r soothing to me PESHeart
ayeee this guy knows the deal slatt
Fresh out the shower lads! Wassup!
Hai bro.... What happened to imx ape.... The project still running?
Mf are you a cop or you been watching too many cop shows 
I have 9144 tags on dc anyone got more
Lets keep grinding bro! You know it
Haha I do the same respect the game
Veggie crackers sound gross tbh... Also isnt a peanut a vegetable or are nuts different?
hot drinks hit different in hot weather too
ooh imma look into it. sounds dope
Do you understand the rights I have just read to you? with these rights in mind do you wish to speak with me?
main cave is infested with robots
yes it is still running I am just waiting to see how it is going to play out when minting comes
hot drinks in the summer? nahh bro
My boy! I can always expect to see you here 
LOL people used to call me weird for this I be drinking tea when its hot as a mf 
Just give me 25 to life I deserve it
this is a moooooddd here lets GET ITT!! oii
haha hopefully the passive income of this nft can pay for yournext time do not selling this project their passive income is gonna be insane once they get some good partnerhsipos and cyrpto gaming takes off which it will
coffee is required if you are working at a 95
iced tea man. Thats what you need when its hot
AYEE this man knows we southern
Supposed to be the end of oktober? But no more announcement about that...... And no one talking in the channel now...
Youre such a dirty doggie you know that! 
okay okay just start at the beginning of the story why did you have the guy pointed at the crypto punk
Lmaooo thatll get you sweating like crazy
Hyxder really the bots have taken over
thats crazy haha how many other dc are you in
Anyone sells adderall here by any chance?asking for a friend
haha thats how addictions start
coffee is required if ur gonna be in chat all night
LMFAO is that what u need to get WL? LOOOOL
Fugazzi You have a strong will then. more to you
Because Cosmic wyverns are about to take over and be the top NFT on the marketplace 
yeah true it is a bit dead in there tbh one of the first projects i got witelisted so sad to see it play out this way
bro someone finna get banned for answering that lol
we all gonna make it fam keep it up
Invalid command usage try using it like
member User mention User or user ID 159985870458322944
corm44  never been able to get into iced tea lol been a while tho so Ill give it another chance 
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  you I like you  
jmxes somehow Im alright lol I must be built different lmao
whatys your favorite cold drink
Going home rn be back later boys
Multitasking during work is hard
aye man that 1m slowmode be having me making every message count 
Bubble tea is crazyyy anyone else with me
Yess i m also got whitelisted.....but now im affraid to mint it..... Seems like no one care about the community........
did Crypto punks insight you in anyway
hahah you watched wolf on wallstreet eh
midorima89 hopefully Im into a few other gaming NFTs I hope take off too. kennayyy  Im a coffee every morning person then  tea in the afternoon to power through the day
nah thats good man  you are doing perfect
i love passion fruit green tea with bubbles 80 sugar less ice and added jelly and added whipped cream
wow crypto markets going crazy rn
leonardo di caprio was so good in the movie lol
I used to be able to stand on my head. I learned it in college during a gymnastics class
whatchu mean wb i was never gone PepeLove
true I will just see how the presale mints go if the floor is good and the volume is right i will get myself a couple
double caffeine wow coffee ususally lasts me the entire day
Hyxder Its like you guys are the same person man... lmao
All your friends knows discord ?
so I guess this channel is for more inorganic grinding...
nah dude he 100 copy pasted that
Pretty funny I was gonna watch a movie but now I gotta grind this so maybe another day 
Right bro you in on anything rn ?
are you in illvium? that one is gonna do very well too
gaming nfts have so much potential
who else needs to be arrested here
I just want to load up on eth below 3k one last time 
tummy! so youve been hiding in cave 2 i see
nah dude he 100 copy pasted that 
keep up the positive vibes everyone!!
good luck on WL  hope to see you in WL chat soon.
Damnnn my man knows his order like the back of his hand!
whipped cream seems kinda wild though 
hope we can get WL before server is packed
Imx ape..... U get whitelistex there.?
IMXApe GUH777 BearX you can not check volume in imnuttable x .........
Whats ur fav cigarrettes mine is winston menthol
thanks chief  hopefully catch you up in there too!
you smoke cigs bro? so bad for you
Yes they took the top of the market place with such simple art and no utility. This is unfair on awesome projects like Cosmic Wyverns  you must understand officer I did this for our clan!
I dont smoke sucka. Why u do dat?
All your friends knows discord ?
oh yeah true forgot about that oops 
Holy yeah eth has went crazy this past day
you going hard. what rank are you again?
havent really got involved with imx that much seems really interesting and will defo check it out soon
How come theres a cave number 2? I just woke up
nah dude he 100 copy pasted that 
It makes my voice hot sexy and deep
well i have a weird taste but this is my togo drink or maybe sometimes its original milk tea with 0 sugar added ice hot with some mango popping bubbles
thats no reason to be point the gun at CP
Im grinding while barely paying attention to a work meeting
im struggling here LOL level 9 rn. If i take a break i feel like its going to be over lMFAO
ye grandpa died from lung cancer not cool yo
Project getting too big haha chat was moving to fast I assume
Yesss... So sad but 80 percent im gonna pass it
FREDDIE me too i dont have imx project
rank 273 homie long way to salvation lmao
First of all no. We do not smoke ciggie for a mint taste. Second of all either Camel yellow Parliment blue or Marlboro red
you just gotta trust the process man almost there
we are all gonna fall asleep at one point. i feel you tho
yeah a lot of these people will die down especially later tomorrow since friday. CamzRC  you can do it man.
he was man...one of his best performances...that show just makes you want to make money lol
Started smoking after watching peaky blinders
why would you want a deeper voice as a girl
Yeah had my share of sleep feel amazing.
How many you think will be in tomorrow Im guessing 7k 8k
I was gonna take them out so we could take over you have to understand !
I started my own horse race track
So if someone will try to rob me on the street i will scare them off with my voice
jtp12 appreciate the encouragement my man
nahhh man....if you want whitelist you cant sleep lol
jtp12 imma be here for the entire weekend just you know. Hope to see you guys here with me 
plenty of opportunities left as well 
were you contracted for this job?
I started shooting people because they live on the other side of town. Weird how it affects everyone similar but differently
you gotta get far enough ahead and not get burnt out. you will see me
the series is so inspirational right?
mutant gorillas now!! lfgg!! you bidding?
true! top 200 or not the real ones will be recognised Im sure 
Idk man your orders may be a lil too wild for me! I respect the unique choices tho!
yea no invite contest so all growth is organix
oh damn i wont be most of the weekend  hope they call this list tomorrow and do another xD so many spots left
how does the whole bid thing work and when does it go live?
whats your to go bubble tea or milk tea or juice tea order??
people get news of this and it will grow fast af i am sure
I swear they locked the server why we cant hit 5 k
Yep thats what i like all organic
if you give us some info we might be able to help you with a plead deal
I mean you could 100 throw the real community statement out the window. That would be a bummer...
Anyone wanna donate their white list? Ill give them a taco
Breh bus comes in 10 mins it brick outside
Its already live for the stakers and its just a regular english auction. Public rounds start in 2 days
If i get two tacos i will think about it
oo yea...if they said invite 10 people...this disord woudl be 40k...but thats not what this is about..the mods know what they are doing....5k organic is insaneee
idk where to bid!?? is that happening now???
popcorn actually sounds good rn!
the way Im hungry rn if I had Id prolly consider lmao
LFG cosmicwyvern mechwyvern wingedwyvern
what about coach greg cookbook for whitelist?
Yo when can I get my MutantCat Bear pepeD Do you happen to know?
ye exclusive for MC holders at the moment public sale in two days
I say we havent gotten a giveaway for a long time
how old is everyone in here in curious
Ill give you 2 tacos. Thats like twice as much food
im giving my 269 effort. we finna be lit. 
jtp12 i feel like theyre not gonna call it for a long time tbh
hate those 10 people invites crap all fake growth
2 tacos is a visit to the bathroom an hour later man
WOOOHOO give this guy a WL . kennayyy  same here as long as i can 
w ur grind tmr if they call it you should be there
now who can argue with value like that
alright get in the car youre going away for a long time!
its was nice doing business with you
No..... Doodles too expensive.... 14 fp now?
Yeah if you have a MutantCat bears are coing too
1 taco and 1 crunch wrap supreme deal?
Ye hard to remember emails to my 10 dc alts
you think they are going to call it tomorrow. if I sleep im going to lose the top 200 spot easy
exactly lol...invites are fine...but when it grows that way its different
yooo does the bot delete messages with fwords?
midorima89 Im into Guild of Guardians and Sipher. Didnt get into illvium tho . FREDDIE  I hope so! Want at least 1 of these games to pan out!
does cave 2 have any bots? cave 1 is kinda hectic
21 wbu?    GBMM I will think about if you can maybe add a little extra it will boost your probably
i think no one is inviting their groups because they wanna win the top 200 challenge lol! why growth is chillin.
been in a server that has like 30k cos they make u keep inviting end up buying a brick! lmao
liquidity for a few new projects that i can get in early. i did a 11x on the one i had. Will buy back in soon. Love the project still.
The roadmap for this project is great the sneak peak for the game looks good
damn you in early bro! good for you
Ok fine Ill add in a diet root beer
no bots here we organic up in here
Dang you making me hungry. Dat crunchwarp supreme tho
Yall see the punk that sold for half a billion?
I just invited a few people! But yeah it could slow things down knowing its fully WL sale now and theres already more members than spots
gm guys pepecozy  havent slept tho
well did u managed to sold at 2.7?
We have to invit a maximum of people !
U wana say there are bots in cave1??lets punish them
yessir brother Shroomvision Going Galt  we all early!! Aye gang Coach Greg
yea server just ends up with a bunch of bots
very early we got this! just keep pushing and letting the vibes flow
No invite competition for this bud just real organic community
haha yes this thing going to be bangin like orcs
yes  dun worry i have good strategy.
The messages are hilariously bad.
Elea no we dont. No points for it...
What is this are you reciting things rn
holy crap can anyone do a dragon flag here i can barely do tucked ones
14 of the members are all on is pretty insane
mods are aware of them and said theyre monitoring
yep2 everyone does i have one to in order to grind into a cyberkongz
Go to... honestly I love a good simple taro bubble tea!
I know thats pretty basic but it really hits man 
ehh the big boss super saijin is online
yesssir Shroomvision Going Galt
is a dragon flag where you hold yourself up to a bar and become parralel to the floor?
They are only monitoring their league game
most likely.. i only invited 3 of my besties
I cant even do a pull up anymore
nope thats the front lever. front lever is way harder. dragon flag is a good progression to the front lever
Hahaha every once in a while I read your messages and have no idea what they mean
good choice but too mainstream 
in a smaller server its easy to know which is bot i saw a few before they talking to themselves and never reply to others
the admin is a drongball z fan...must be anywyas...thats too lit...thats how i know im in the right project loll...well that an a bunch of other reasons like their roadmap lol
so sad this is 12 sneak peek we definitely need more
I aint no hipster if it s good its good!
HENRY Time to bump midnight kids 
could you explain how the dragon flag works? these calisthenics moves seems pretty crazy looks like it requires alot of upper body strength
yeah httpsopensea.ioassetsethereum0xb47e3cd837ddf8e4c57f05d70ab865de6e193bbb9998 its wild
lol man people can write scripts l      ike that eh...that is isane....im not a bot...i talk to everyone lol
its a lot of core strength actually its kinda hard to explain u gotta search it up IMO
wow im already level 14 in here. will be 20 by the time i get off haha
Love the workout talk very motivating 
theres freeware to type this. u dont need to be able to use python
yooo wassup im back with my tea. everybody still doing good?
What kinda tea did you decide on?
you know what a bot would say...im not a bot loll
yeah scripts are smart too random message time more human messages
u didnt share ur jersey mike sub with me man 
Who needs outdoors when I have the cosmic wyverns discord 
Excited for the next triviagiveaway 
meh... Did you snort some soup or wtf? That was the fastest meal ever.
thats absolutely insane... makes no sense
I did? Its in the fridge bro wym
do you have a source? for the punk sale
VeroSolo i got that red ginseng and green matcha
kennayyy yeahh had to do some other things as well
my dog is going nuts because she wants to play. i give up playing with a cute beautiful puppy to be here guys!
anyone else tossing a few beers back rn talk to the wyvs fam?
bots are gonna be locked up for a long long time
hahahhaha i was just thinking this...a bot would say...im not a bot...but really...they be botting lol
hadnt seen that. Pretty good pasta
Im 14 yo girl and my father is a fed so anyone wana face time??
i will soon waiting for the store to open 
its in a mug. so there wont really be much to see sadly
Strugelabs poor doggo. Hell forgive you when you buy him unlimited treats with breath
alright time to eat some dinner
yes i give her so much and so many treats and so much love but still this is her favorite time of year
That feeling when youre hungry asf but are so comfy in bed you dont wanna move 
ayo he gotta mow the lawn for a week to mint an nft
sad bois does it look green red ? or is it black tea
yeah its great. I absolutely love it
Thats very interested you must live in the Amazon? Tag tag
gn fam dont lose too many spots uwu
I respect you sniping the bots 
but i swear...im not a bot.....i swear on my mother engine haha
i think im cooking pasta tonight
woah anyone seen the cryptopunk that just sold for 125k ETH?
its actually 1am but cant buy beers yet since i cant get them from coffees to take home
Ban the bots ban the bots ban the bots ban hyxder
ahh yeah that sucks! better luck next time p
Yo I went offline for a while did the giveaway happened?
its like light brown greenish i guess
IMXApe GUH777 BearX Goodnight brother. sleep well
She likes that fall weather! Nice autumn strolls....
I just drink the regular milk tea lmao
Ill be back for some more grinding in a bit
im sure youll be able to recover them in the morning kinglove
sound yummy! what else you adding to it!?
yall talking about rank man i dropped from 70 to 158 lmfao
Damn why hasnt any giveaway happened already
Hyxder yeah that was sus weirderchamp
im sure they will happen soon  maybe admin needs to be back
damn i like chatting here feel the og cave is way to hectic
I think bubble teas overrated heh
You guys see a crypto punk just sold for half a billion dollars? Insanity
So solsea got like 5k eth from that trade
iamspencerb let me have his lambo for free
!!!!SORRY FOR CAP Someone just brought a crytopunk for half a billion!!! Yooooo what is happening man who just have half a bill laying around......
yeah i think that makes it the highest transaction?
For real bro Im sure its gonna be all good everyone is going to get there money back
is this for real...that is isane
Syd Rogers how dare you. Actually have you tried like yakult bubble teas
Hyxder lemme have some eth too haha
bc that shit sold for 110 eth max and no all of the sudden someone pays 124k
Cant wait for eth to reach 1000000
Hopefully that will happen to us man. We are all still early in this!!!
but it told us the best way to do a handstand is by standing on your hands or something... VERY useful life lesson.
hell fking yeah i want them court side tickets lemme get an autograph too legoat
ye Im asian man Ive tried em all. all them bubble teas are so overpriced and sugary
catch you all in a little while
My dad just wanted a new pfp for dc
we really are! i just want 1k eth mwhahahaha
good luck all on the next giveaway 
Absolutely insane could you imagine?
Its like you just ripped out my heart and stomped on it multiple times
Half a bili theres no way. This is some money laundering no cap
React with  if eth is going to 1000000
A worthy investment though punks are only going up
Since youre in here do you know if this is going to be a modified kongz model?
nah bro buy a floor. 500m for that nah son
Well maybe but... Nft is kinda to good to be true sometimes
We can do this!!!!! Lets gooooo. 10eth for us! p
thats 20 of cryptopunks volume no way he could of bought aloth of floor punks with that money
nah the trick is to stand on your head not your hands
hahah i just hope the mods believe me lol
always vibing man. This is the place to be
Yeah how does that even happen...
Bruh this aint gonna be a return in a few years my man.
so excited for this project  hope they add another 100 to this activity giveaway
its going to last forever then Kek
Good to hear buddy what time is it for you now?
yeah im not really sure i just knowmthat these wyverns are coo
yeah that wasnt a good investment lol
There is nothing in announcements why u scamming
whole lotta activity for these spots zz
imagine having the liquidity to sit on that haha
its probably like a big statement i wonder who bought it
I dont see new announcements tho is something coming?
Honestly I do not know since Im not a dev just a mod. So the extent of the information I have when it comes to the project atm is the same as you.
I wish I had the time to commit to posting every time the slowmode ends but....
That will be very nice  Hopefully the team will increase the slot to top 300 active members instead
guesses on discord members by the morning
hahaha no time for proper sauce cookingneed to grind
Honestly I wouldnt be surprised to see wyverns pull some crazy numbers 
Robert  they been selling like crazy..you ever look yo see?
Might just buy 1000000 in doge coin for the meme
Wheres my man tmam I was in the middle of reading his story my man.
it def could be.. theres a lot of sus trades on OS too man
Mod lets talk business  how much eth for a green name
When is your morning? Its 11am where I am so tomoz morning Im guessing 1012k
lolol they could these wyverns are pretty cool looking creature
mods always looking out for people with organic activity so dont feel too bad
haha i dont think youll have problems
the nft space has only started to take off who knows what will happen for the industry in the future
dont worry bro genuine interactions are better anyways and the mods are watching and blessing ppl!
Congrats on your whitelist buddy
What can you even do with that much money? Its too much lol
Ahhh ok. Thx anyway. Do the devs drop in and interact regularly?
I will give 3.42 dollars rn for a green name
haha fair enough....i was gonna guess 7k since its all organic growth...if the mods say invite 10 people for whiteilist...this discord will be at50k in no time
one hundreddd milllnionn shibaaa coinss
Yeah they were here a bit earlier they seem to just be away atm
actually im not exactly sure who the dev is i just joined the project recently hahaha
Im just hoping to see some more sneak peaks! They are so dope 
Im so tired lol been here all day
I dont have Eth to offer but how many memes would it take for green name?
lmao they give it to u then take it back
understandable have a great day
Very true genuine conversationinteraction is the way we need to go to build the community!
Nice its 1.14 am here gotta sleep soon lol
bro dont diss his lawn mowing money
Even with organic growth this project is awesome and Ive sent a few invites to my friends so they dont miss out knowing invites mean nothing here
Would be sad to go to the jail for 3 bucks
get creative man and post a nice meme it might get recognized pepePogChamp
Man still dumbfounded half a bill wish they spare me like a couple mill
absolute throwback to my childhood LMAOO
Anyway great to see so many people with different profile picture  we have got a great diversity here!
exactly...a project with 5k discord members and no invite contest....is equal to 40k...so basically they ahve 40k in 2 days lol
No worries. Ive been looking for a project with a modified kongz model for awhile but even the ones that look like they may be turn out not to be. Im just hopeful its not another anonymice model...
just gonna order takeaway wyverns more important...lmao
Im just shook. Did someone think this is dollars? Does someone just have that much ETH?
Andrew27 Space Apes awesome to see0
dam you just took Syd Rogers fan art submission
Thats all i have left after paying gas
just saw the 500M cryptopunk sale people on twitter are saying it was a flashloan of some sort not sure but it seems like something is weird about it. not a typical purchase
MY BOY finally got whitelist lfg
have you posted that in the fanart yet because it is absolutley fire. good job!!! keep it coming
RaphCraft Im probably newer to the scene than you are so yeah just hoping for the best as well. I see some stuff I like and I want to be a part of it.
Just finished playing warzone you?
my man finally got it...you been at it all day congrast man
congrats bro i told you youd get it 
iamspencerb go offfff son congrats! party party
This discord just born yesterday hahaha it would be impossible if you know them suddenly
Oh what the hell i didnt know that i was like I swear  i saw this on the fan art submission place
congrats iamspencerb well deserved WOO
fr me e too I laugh so hard at that lmao
Another guy i ve never seen gets it lfgg wgmi congratz
Thanks for the info pretty dope piece
wym spencer has been so active bro
same LOl legit was like a 2 min scene
yeah we got some talent in here 
How often does the random giveaway bot giveaway WL spots ?
now he gots to do the victory dance lolll
Yeah its been so quick I havent been introduced to everyone individually hahah
Yo congrats on the green my friend! I hope I get to see you in the green pasture heartspingreen
yeah mans said mood then had it xD
you will bro well all see him there eventually
well nice to meet you flem  hows your day been
facts he been out in the field lol
KraknZ glad to see u back here my man what rank u at
no need to be upset there are plenty of channels and you cant keep track of all of them. just keep engaging and being positive and im sure youll get WL soon too
I really love our community here we have great and loving people and people here help each other
its your turn to win now mister
Hey flem! Nice to meet you Im robert 
we will get to know you when we mint and the community is united and done 
Yup community is amazing. Especially considering how young we are! Lots of room to grow here!
peep the fanart channel theres a bunch of stuff there
hopefully im blessed bro im def manifesting it kinglove
What should I have for breakfast ?
Do you have any timeframe when your expecting to mint?
Is that part of the collection?
cuz hes not getting the attention he wants
I wish I am very talented guy but unfortunately my drawing just like a 8 year old hands drawing
why are you sad? whats happening
true just wait for snapshot and ur green for sure
haha the chat is moving to fast to keep up...let alone that there is like 4 chats
Damn... why he need attention though 
I would just keep an eye out in annopucnments tbh
1 day here is like 10 days in real life!  Thats how fast things move!
I heard itll be sometime mid November
do you know when the snapshot is dropping. im soo hyped
Thank you my fellow vamp! nice bat as well
yo! Good to see u here bro! How are you?
Well at least we know we are in good hands
i am trying my best to do that and i hope i succeeed my record
Shiittt but if you really good stick man also can be a good art drawing  with the added some nice background hahaha
IamEvaa  Ryu I hope you enjoy it here!
Yes good thanks good to see familiar faces in her 
wassup man im Dr.Gino. nice to meet you!
Love what you guys are doing with this server 
yeah its really early still blessed
I hope i can beat my record which is 12h 37 minutes of nnn
Sleep bro this discord still gonna be here and people still gonna be chatting it up tomorrow.
do you have a time frame on some new juicy sneak peaks? 
i saw this earlier in the chat and was hoping to never see vibrating cat again lol
I love this community! cant wait to be all united!
Watching ball with the boys chatting occasionally. Hbu?
thats pretty good record how did u do that
great so far my man its 123 here. wbu?
Yup same here. Community is on fire!!!
might just do that instead tbh xD
Not till the evening then should be full on
what even is work when u have discord
Yo much love guys but there are so many messages and its hard to keep up. Gonna be handing out some WL spots rn with Kishu. rewarding some art and meme creators
I just woke at 12 35 on november 1st
Hmm...yess even an ether rock could be nice as well hahaha
im honestly so hyped cause these are so sick
oh you got this  good luck on giveawayrandom hand picks for WL 
have a good work day man! ErniETH  spend time with the boys my friend we will be here. FREDDIE  night just started!
but ur a girl right so nnn is not for you
what even is life when you can just chill in discord??
wym 1 month its like a year lmao
Good luck to any of you art and meme creators!
NFTs goin to the moon were all early
what is your tactics for the noobies to be 1
lets goo!! the memes and fanart are mad creativity i love it
thanks man just finishing my cup of tea
yeah thought crypto life was bad but NFT life is filth lmao
Flem some well deserved wl spots I love the memes  fanart
Hahahahahaha welcome to nft life
Sick I would love whitelist gonna try my best ts
oh shit cave 2 is just as poppin as cave 1
The memes go crazy in this server 
Haha yes the community is on fire with so many messages! I must say the quality of conversation has been high though. Havent seen too much bots or FUD around. Good job mods!
this community is such good looks 
theres all different kinds of art that people may be good at but i am definitely not good at drawing ahah
those are some really large breasts
This community looks amazing love the art 
so this channel is just the same as the first cave?
fluxray faqs  announcements whitelistinfo  should be the first places you go and check out the project..its amazing
Crossing my fingers for my meme
how to be actif dk i am new to this
kernels popcorn is so good bruh
I wish i could pull of art like that I would make all the wyverns possible
so excited for this project. art looks amazing. wyverns remind me of terraria haha
as long as you enjoy drawing then it dont matter how well or terrible you think your art looks
Yup same thing. Just that the volume was too high and hence the cave 2 to make things more manageable
Lfg this project is gonna take over IMO!
people above me its too active omg
congrats youve just done it lol
rinse repeat and get to know the community
if you put it like that then i dont enjoy drawing any art at all then. i will findmy way of liking art
For sure buddy organic communitys are the best 
Any community i am in is the best
yea i know just pulling ur strings
Ohhh okayy i think i need to be in both
ok just being a connoseur is cool too
Haha yes everyone is on fire here!!
Yes we are building something special here i feel 
Nice green name you got there !
way too much i need them to sleep pls
Hey everyone! Eating stir fry  Ill be on later tonight!
i cant cross my fingers...they too tired
For sure buddy glad to be here with you all spreading positive vibes
im top 30 now but have to leave for the weekend. hope to be a part of the community! good luck all!!!
True my fingers cant be crossed with all this typing x.x
youll be fine. go live your life friend
hows your stir fry man? im currently eating a pokebowl right now
I love how you guys are grinding just as hard or harder than the 4700 people in this chat. Keep it up and we will all be golden.
Hope you Have a nice weekend bro
Good luck to you as well man! Enjoy your weekend bro
Damn I blinked and you jumped me! Shouldnt have answered that phone call from my gf
Youll be alright as long as you come back 
haha good one! that was extremely funny! i rolled on the floor laughing 
woohoo SO MANY NEW GREEN. Love you all congrats!
yup they pretty much locked into qwerty position
Nah pc my finger tips will die if I go mobile man
Dont forget them hip thrusts 883488650137071646 883488650137071646 883488650137071646 883488650137071646
Should i watch  fast and furious
wow u really done did it to him
ait see yall degens later actually have to go to work
holanihao  they sure are been thar way for 2 days now
WAIIIKIIIT NO WAY thank you  Moderator  I love yall
Bro he is not grinding he is literally working hid ass off hahahaha
Yup you can! Can get more  conversations going in this case! 
I respect that piece of fitness advice  
cyou blinked then you are green  congrats my friend!!!
How much for the minting price?
Ok looks like if u put eth in ur name u get wl
My phone will be so hot since I would have it charging too.Good thing I am keyboard warrior
i personally think they already did!
yeahh good for having more conversations
I wasnt green as I typed it haha cant wait to see you here with me! All you guys cant wait. This community is amazing. Im sleeping well tonight
pretty sure thats peoples ENS name
welcome to the VIP cave where we be vibin and chilling. and just talk about random stuff
congrats fam well deserved sleep
i know man very excited for you  ill see you in green land soon!
Ohhh not bad..... Fair price.....and it is genesis...really good investment
YOOO congrats on the greeen boii
Congrats brother! happy for ya!
I cant be more happy for that. I love it when the people above me works harder than me. Respect has to be given to those types of people
Yo buddy whats good 883488650137071646
ready to pop off! youre just in time
Ill probs move to keyboard soon
Yup! We have a bunch of amazing people here. We will get some good conversation going on and help build the community!
niceee! well deserved my friend
your going to love the community vibes here...been ehre all day and i cant leave lol
yeah lets build the community great svs btw
Congrats ErniETH  hope  our names will change to green too 
I feel like a celebrity with all these responses! Just try your best to welcome new people and be positive!
The best is to have a laptop on your bed but then Im afraid Ill sleep and then wake up losing my rank
Ohhh congratz....... Hope can get my turn to greenErniETH
Thank you  i like chill communities hehehe
ERNI congrats! Its been a long journey brother!! I am happy for you man. Sleep well
Wendys or Panda? Need an answer fellas
Yes one of the benefits of this project its really dope here
Luckily its 1133am for me so I can snipe ranks while everyone sleeps 
Remember to follow the twitter everyone!!!
Yeah agree bro and they also bring peace to this chat
than youre at the right address hahah
Yesss will be good investment hope can get presale slot
But there will be others like you. It is never ending
congrats!! hope to see you there soon 
lets get that twitter to 2k!! just because the giveaway is over dont mean we shouldnt follow the twitter!
Thank you!  this was my first ever nft purchase. We have a great community too and will welcome you to join us. Your profile pic looks dope too!
Yer lots of faces in here is good to see sadly Ill be sleeping soon so not here for long 883488650137071646
Remember you from last night w the bimmer pfp howve you been man?
yea you came to the right place...they even have a chill cave
Goodluck homie stay active join the giveaways
wow congrats to all my new greenies 
likewise we shall persevere party
GG! rest well well see ya in the morning
You right haha fluxray Im coming for you 9843pepenarutorun
good man thanks for asking.. been a long day glad to be home
Ok time to set up my bot in cave 1
Hell yeah we can get to 2k super fast judging by the speed of the discord growth!
Yes tnks broo..... Good luck to you too.......
i agree  hope i can be noticed and help as much as i can
Im like at 3... I am not GMI through the busywork portal Im guessing.
883488650137071646 Its part of me now lol883488650137071646
Keeping that rank 1? Aint no body catching up to you
Thats good man glad to see you around again!
GonzoApe BLU31 Infintrus trying to give my friends a shout out here thanks!!! SUPER CYAN
surprised bainsy isnt in here tbh
Im coming for that rank 1 lolll
the real ones will be noticed appreciated and rewarded 
its your job to take over his rank now
Super nuts will be interesting to see the future of punks in a years time and even the entire the NFT space tbh
i believe so as well it seems like they are delegating them quite well
He chilling even if he goes to nap.
make sure we blow up the twitter boys! Only around 1k rn httpstwitter.comcosmicwyverns?s21
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Thats it my man keep it pumping
 U King everyone else deserves the WL spot just as much
same mods been doing the lords work
pepemusic gotta pump it uppepemusic
yoo congrats on green mann how much did u sleep so far
Dont go too hard now we dont need rank 1 do we 
this we need to start getting more followers people!!
i got yday so slept pretty well
yes definitely follow! was first thing i did.
No not at all just be active and helpfull 
Congrats to all of the new WL people
CamzRC  thats the way it should be
youre saying that because youre just a rank behind him LOL
Hyxder ahh thats good to hear i hope people get an ample amount of sleep in not tryna sabotage health is first
maybe to late when she does. They will be closing the discord sooner than later
i saw that you are rank 11 been grinding a lot today?
Congratz to all new green member.....
I respect that! Lets try to help each other out and build a strong community 
if i dont get her a gift and dinner when im done i sleep in dog house 
jk jk she doesnt mind i just gotta balance life
If that guy ever replies Im fkd for finding it after I get back from dinner. lmao.
yo im actually so excited for christmas this year idk why
nft world always christmas or a rug haaha
i feel like youre gonna get one soon as well.
christmas this year bouta be crazy
How many whitelist they giving out on this project?
Yup hopefully! Everyone is so active and helpful here. Hopefully we will have more slots for everyone!
yee fosho appreciate it fren kinglove
Congrats to all the green! You guys are awesome 
facts 5k in discord but only 1k followers lets go get it!
Thanks man i dont see it happening for a while haha
yeah we need to get this pumped up!
hope covid is over so we all can have a great christmas been a while since i travel
hey guys do you know how many are we gonna be able to mint?
already did my part lets go guys!
organic growth is the best growth! So dope to see how big this community is growing.
No more covid pls..... Would be great Christmas
theres gonna be 3500 private mints!! no public check out faqs and whitelistinfo
more projects need to follow suit fr
holanihao agreed! its all being ran well everyone who deserves will have a good chance fsho
Woah woah cmon now. keep it down!  
Coach Greg I just been having fun with my mates here   Good to see  you around
Shroomvision Going Galt is Bainsy modding this one too?
ladies and gentleman weve done it! hypeman
anyone know when they will give the top 200 rank white list ?
yea hoping that travel starts opening up I have so many places i want to visit
youll get it dont worry  believe in the mods
yeahh haha and we love to have you here
kennayyy keep your head up. youll be in in no time
Me too cant wait for Christmas every year my fav month of the year 
ooow u mean i go hip thrust full
loool should be automatic wl right there
FREDDIE  yeah its is kinda scary to be honest..but Im excited
thats a hugeeee dub if Ive ever seen one lol
hardest part now is staying there 
facts i cant even travel interstate in my country
yoo theres the second cavee ahahha
Well done mate! Now you gotta maintain that number forever 
not being  a zombie at home lol
thats unfortunate what country is it?
kennayyy no problem broo you got it
Vanya yeah of course youre welcome
Strugelabs  you been saying that a lot
bro what happens if some people dont mint tho?
bro.. we are in the second cave right now!
This is the best cave! Wwe stay lit here!
thanks Infintrus Coach Greg Supaicy !CosmicWyverns Rummy159 J Walk fluxray Souhate CamzRC Robert im gonna try my best to maintain this rank forever laugh
Wow to many ppl in cave 1  better chat in here
Anyone good with dc spamming bots??asking for a friend
both caves are nice...im in both of them haha
im in the US. How is it in aus?
respect gotta keep it until the snapshot at least so youre immortalized as rank 69
This is to the crypto investors. Whats that one alt coin you feel is going to blow?
yeah man i really enjoyed it. thanks for asking
If you can you have my respect for sure 
You should get a special role if you maintain that forever 
hahah aweee thank you for that 
Ripppp I have to work on my business with a friend so I wont be able to text here anymore. Good luck everyone you all deserve white list !!!
lmao keep grinding but not too much
This cave is more chll  we can bounding and chatting here.... Cave 1 to many ppl
2 more people got whitelisted!!! Congrats! Everybody!
J Walk wait things have gone south already im already at 67 1395picardfacepalm
Fabsss I am I love thanksgiving
jungle freaks got hacked bro!?!?
I cant wait to stuff my face haha
All these porjects getting hacked smh terrible things happening
You sound like floor price.....
Wowow calm down i only said a little bit in dutch
You need to keep an eye on that buddy your losing respect here lol
yea i just saw that in cave 1 like real ? 
Fabsss right..then football then nap..then pie
yeah ruining amazing projects!!
Anytime. Lemme know if you have any other question
Souhate i need to keep quiet and wait for some1 to over take me now laugh please get to grinding guys
nonono now you go to far its dutch not german. and why did you even say kanker?
I dont even care about grinding for the levels anymore this chat is too lit for that
Haha i love the nap before the pie 
You ever think that some of them are inside jobs though? That would be crazy and horrible D
Hahah but more plsss we need to beat kaiju......
yo whats up wyverns. just got home from the gym
Kan je ook het nederlandse veerstandt?
oh shit yeah JF was hacked so sad its happening to every project
Im sorry bud Im no where near you yet but try to keep your rep in here its all you have 883488650137071646
yeah! we can definitely beat kaiju we just have to combine our powers! ahhaha
Yoo man what did you hit in the gym
4 am over here cant hold on much longer
yo wb we be grinding and being part of the community
this is the fake thing that is getting spammed. FAKE WEBSITE jungle freaks is hacked dont mint if you see this. spread the word.
nfts crashing because these rejects send jf scams 20 eth in 5 mins KEKW
How was the workout man! You do pull ups?
had a crazy workout. almost passed out
KuroJPEG yeah i got a sick pump rn
Yesssss hope we are catching cyberkongz hahhaah
will do. save our fellow nfters
!CosmicWyverns Rummy159 stop talking to me guys youre making this much harder 
Hahah thanks just been in and out really  hows everyone doing?
Man these scammers are ruthless send em to me Ill sort em out lol
Faudi how do you  know the word kanker?
legend. thanks for looking out for us
im gonna dream bigger and hope were bigger than bayc ahahahahha
Man i wish these projects could live peacefully with no hackscams...
Robert i did 3 sets of strict muscle ups and a ton of pull ups after. did a bunch of dips as well super set. also did L sit raisesholds and planche leans
ayy I needa gym again.. gained some belly fat lmaoo
kucingsuper yesss everything possible in nft world so dont stop dreaming
Shroomvision Going Galt I get so many spam I never even pay attention to any of them
yeahh jungle freakss discord is pinging like crazy now danggg
Theres too much money in this for hackers they just need a better security system
Close your dms bud and always use official links in officiallinks
Good just chillin  trying to comprehend the last crypto punk sale
Nopejust not talking it here to not break any rules!!!
Ohhh so you train calistenhics thats cool man
Sheeessshhh how many reps of muscle ups?
You really are the next chris heria mate
wassupp. only huge positive vibes around here
security system consists of making discord mods put on 2fa and never allowing them to use webhooks thats it lmao
J Walk J Walk yeah I need to do that
  i saw some other nfts getting offered 1000 eth or something. shits really crazy
Stay safe fam! Lots of scams etc going on
yup im a calisthenics athlete. 
Robert it was like a 3x8 man those reps were tough
yeah of course u talked geman before
Zzzz .... Hope everything is ok.... Jungle freak its big community.... Strong community they have... And also a success project
oh bad ass. all body weight right
congrats buddy...you did it lol
WOOHOO congrats my friend  well deserved
I also recommend if you havent to get a hardwallet better to be safe before its too late
Congrats! We gonna turn this chat green eventually!
yeahh too bad mann tahts really crazy. many projects are getting hacked lately its very scary
fr im so hyped. this project is firee
i just freaking love dragonwyvern lore my friend and this is right up my alley
I speak every european language thx to cs go
i get those gooebumps yea...everytime those mods come around yea
Congrats my friend you deserve it
Congrats man! Well deserved whitelist!
tummysalumi 3x8 muscle ups sounds unreal you crazy with it man
Everyone loves the wyvernss letss goo!!!!
Yesss  .... Thats crazy they are hacking big project.....bear x divine anarchy...and now jungle freak
congrats!! your art is fireeeee
Shroomvision Going Galt i feel you on that
you guys are awesome! Hope you guys get WL soon 
man yall are being super generous today 
this is getting really dangerouss i hope were all gonna be okay here
That last sale had to be some money laundering thing idk that number is way 2 random
Well deserved never seen this guy too lfgg
haha you got the reference nice...its what im listnening too haha...mesggaed a mod that hah
Crxpto5 congratz broooo..... You deserve it
Best of luck to everyone including me ofc
Seriously. Can we keep this project on the down low? Like I want ppl to know but I dont wanna attract the hackers
hes made some crazy fanart. its actually fire
You just got whitelisted CONGRATTS MAN YOU DEserve it 
looks like a green wave right now!
im not sure which since i didnt follow it but it was all hyped in twitter bcs the dude declined and said if nobody is willing to sell its priceless lmao
TheCoaster nah the dude declined lmao
Congratulations!!!! You deserves this buddy! Excited for you!
So where are you and the team from?
Damn we have a cave 2 to contain all the people talking hhahhaajh good shit
why you always gotta say that when someone wins bruh  he made fanart  has been active
Just trust the dev and the mod here...... I think they doing good job... And make us save...... They always online and watching the member
Yes they are watching us as you can see
Idk if I can turn down a 1000 eth offer 
Congrats to all the people that just got blessed with whitelist
oh wow congrats  definitely well deserved then! ill just be nice and helpful to my fellow wyverns and see where it goes
You be set for a long time my mannn
Im nearing the top 200 Im hyped Leshgo and also I think rank bot down  Moderator
haha thats why I havent invite my friends yet haha
hip thrust especially after WL. CONGRATS ALL!
keep running it up man you got it fam
Yess its good news.... It means they give us attention.....
thanks man...been here all day...this is an amazing feeling...goodluck to everyone else
Seriously appreciate the yellows  out here. Bot kicking and  blessing. Kuri hahaha. You cutthroat brah!
keep going my friend u can make it
yh same but that guy did bcs it was priceless for him xD. some freaking vibranium hands lol
congrats kennay for congratulating the congraduates
wow congrats man  hope to see you around
J Walk we hit it bro we have the gang here
Congrats dudee!!! so happy for you
crxyou got it from the fan art???
Thanks and you deserve your spot congratss
Thanks gang Dr.Gino  superwasheddevil Coach Greg  Supaicy
Fan art is so fun to make tbh . Brings me back joy in making art
Someone give me a wyverns pic im gona make an art
damn almost 100 wl distributed so far that makes it 6003500 Wyverns reserved still plenty time yall!
they also get rid of all the bots. theyre really good at what theyre doing
TGOATMENG of course g you got it
LMFAO thanks for the first congrats. Maybe there will be more in the future
How many total WL spots are left?
MEE6 seems to be on a lunch break lol
midorima89 dont forget us plebs when you wake up!
Still a lot left mate! a full pre sale project!
they sure are or he can scuff away 1000 eth like its nothing. maybe hes playing a different game al together from us
Thats so dope Dr.Gino there were so many funny bots 
Yesss good job here......no bot allow .....
2900 based on hm reserved already
good evening where im at lol. how you doing?
WOW Midorima congrats buddy guess you dont have to be here on the weekend 
Yup its great to know that they are watching and rewarding the active and helpful folks!
EVOSNAILS is hacked!! do not buy
BUMP spread the word... Evosnails and jungle force hacked
Shiit I guess lol Id just take that and get a few crypto punks and chill on the rest
Everything just hacked these days smh
Heaps of whitelist spots left homies dont stress! Keep being positive and spreading good vibes leshgooooo react with  for good luck!!
Wow seems like everything is getting hacked
or that but at some point you will have to sell right 1000 eth is 4m
TheCoaster same i wouldnt be able to hodl with that offer
yeah man fr but its good that they get rid of these bots because it really helps the server to be better
J Walk a lot of stuff but mainly a love docter
Im glad we have multiple caves for us Wyverns to hibernate and sleep KEKW
Mods are taking precautions already we shouldnt see those hacks happen here
REMEMBER be careful where you click also dont trust links here
Right?? Sounds like an inside job at this point
about to hop in the shower. should i take a cold one or hot?
Level 20 bro your on a serious grind
Thanks for the advice! Yes be careful everyone dont click random links!
When they gonna start kicking bots?
thats fine we need to spread the word of hacks though to everyone in community asap.
GM!! hahaha we in Cave 2 now hahahaa guys sure vibing it hard
Yes many project have a lot of bot and its no good....
Send picture of the hacked? how it happened?
aawyeah aawyeah those from the gang all know it lol
im doin great man. havin fun in here interacting with these beautiful people
Congrats buddy and some serious positive vibes in here 883488650137071646
Yup we need to be encouraging good conversation!
Anygoing goin for thirsty thursday haha
i left the discord dude feel free to go look. No idea how it happened but it did just like multiple others
You can send some fan arts at fanart
wtf even evosnail is hacked? whatsup with all these discords getting hacked one by one
Thats the way to heaven aawyeah PeepoClap Dance
best cave. VIP cave some might say. big vibes only of course
To see your rank userank not !rank
Hahahha just like to grab a drink on thursday or many lol
thats great! i need to head to work lmao
damn people been going crazy in there. wish I could contribute but I cant draw to save my life 
the vip cave thats a nice name for this game
there is a group hacking all of them.
Thanks dude! keep it real bruh! hehehe
Andrew27 Space Apes Very good bruh!!
Dr.Gino hahahaah VIP we are dude!!
yeah me either so gotta just be in here and hope im helpful enough 
25 eth lost from Jungle Freak discord got hacked so nuts
oh damn you can use the mee6 leaderboard I pinned it 
i guess but just checked evosnail discord and i dont see any mint pages etc. where is it hacked exactly?
Im off to bed its late catch you all tomorrow 
these discord hacks getting out of hand
Ok ok you like to get wild on a thursday night eh 
ight man good luck at work. go get that bread
Coach Greg fr youre not lying  
Cant believe people fell for it though  but definitely sucks horribly for them. It was literally posted 100 times in same announcement and had a lot of dumb errors in it.
must of got back control feel free to ask mods.
Tbh i just want to see the dj i dont even feel like drinking tonight
And organic grow....... It will help the community build the strong community and we can beat kaiji
Yoo congrats to the new whitelist gang well deserved!
Goodnight fella! Hope you have the sweetest of dreams 
vibes keep the world spinning salute
You going to sleep too? Good night kisu
yeah but some people get too hyped and forget to read properly. and then they make mistakes. it happens sadly
everyone make sure to check fanart
i know atleast like 5 discords that got hacked over 10 eth lost
Im just saying it works too not only rank
Be careful about hacks guys so many discords getting hacked currently stay safe and use 2 factor verification!
Fuc I forgot the name of one I saw yesterday getting hacked
Dr.Gino definitely horrible for those people but man. You have to be careful especially in light of that its happened multiple times in past week
most of the NFT floors are taking a big hit right now alt coins messing everything up 
where is that one thats scary mate
it was as a collective hella people send eth to this address thinking it was mint site
oh shit nice dragon with an extra chromie
ah it seems they keep hacking the discords through the bots or something. yikes
glad to see some post modern art lovers
the most important thing is to note down the mint date if they magically decide to mint earlier then its 99.99 chance its a scam
Yeah Ive been seeing a lot of it as well. Security in projects definitely need to be thought of a bit more
yah bruh yesterday! So happy about it!
jtp12 Machine sometime need to be repair hahahaha
I hope you have a good time tonight!
discord was hacked and fake owners made out like it was an extra project people rushed into it
yeahh man thats why its good that people like you try to warn the people before its too late
Appreciate it if you like edm search up malaa
some of these hacks seem mad sus looking more like an inside job than a hack
hows ur night been going robert?
FREDDIE wow. these discord hacks have been going crazy
100 I also think the server shoulders responsibility for announcing these in faqselsewhere so that its posted. Slowplaying is good but given whats happened its in everyones best interest to show some cards. Glad that Wyverns did this right off the bat
I do like some edm never heard of malaa though 0
you too homie. love the positivity
French dj give him a listen wnt regret it
Anyone one you referring to specifically?
Got hacked fake mint website posted in announcement
yall broke the rank bot! hahahah
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
Hmmm checking it out right now does he have any singing in his songs ?
idk if you know but maskbyte and one other one felt like an inside job . Maskbyte has still yet to return the money or I think they havent
Recently less than 30 min i think
i hope this proyect dont get hack
Haha hmmmm pretty sure it does lol some dont tho
LOL Hyxder is a bot. BAHAHAHAHA. Get out of here lol
im trying but looks like he paid mods off
Wow thats unfortunate. Damn those hackers!
Hyxder is an AI project made by me glad to see it working better than humans
yeah discords getting hit bad rn these hackers going crazy
I hate them. Got burned for 1 ETH!
Dude hes been in here nonstop since the beginning. Relax. Some people just built different no cap bojangles your best creation yet
Havent even heard of maskbyte I got to check it out
petiton to rename cave 2 to faudi cave which sounds weird but whatever
Actually just be yourself bruh the eyes see everything
Yooooo. Nothing much usual topics hackers and crazy punk sales
Nahh deff not my favorite id probably say carnage is my favorite
crazy part is that all of the hacks had similarities
Thanks bro! Its the art of the Wyverns!
my AI is just superior mods love my robot
Damn sorry to hear that bro. Those hackers should use their skills on things that will add value to peoples life or community  not for selling stuff!!! How you get in for the whitelist bro and will get to recoup some of your loss 
good luck to everyone for WL  seeing a lot go out
Yo those are fire literally I am currently making one rn  youre very talented! Nicely done. heartlove
fr it is the best cave no cap. They should change the name to VIP cave
Yess ive prob seem over 30 different djs
I agree to change the name to that
I dont mind getting into the WL but Im not selling! Wyvern hype LFG! Wgmi for sure
Ok Im back for a bit while I am on the can whats good everyone !!!
noo i wasnt calling you one lol
Damnn you really go out a lot eh party animal 
i am an AI which was sent from the future to tell u guys this proj is a rug
Thanks bruh im looking forward on what you going to do bruhhehehe
Haha alot of festivals and yeaa im 23 gotta live it up
oh haha anyways my day is going great  Just got home from the gym about to eat some dinner! hows your daynight so far
Change the name of cave 2 to VIP cave
Awsome! Yeah hopefully I will finish it soon  I need to go to the gym rn! kek
You 23. I support this. Just be safe out there!
Faudi cave is the only acceptable name
we here for the kaiju kingz consolation prize?
this cave has less bots running around
Yesss cave 2 is for chill and chatting...... Bounding building Strong community here
just got out the shower. damn i feel amazing rn
Hahaha appreciate the support always in a safely manner
Im good thanks sir. Nice seeing people get green
careful you guys im hearing jungle freaks discord just got hacked
took a rest day so im just chnillin at home today
damnn only 23 and seen so much already i respect that bigly!
i feel like a god. nothing hits harder than a nice warm shower after a crazy hard workout
It definitely is a lot more chill in here
Uh ye im warming up to hack this dc too to give myself a green name
Get that rest homie no need to over work ourselves everyday 
Damn this whole punk thing is crazy
Nice pp you have..... Thats the good project u have
we dont want hackers around this proyect
Less bots but mebbe some trolls
Yes it is considering how young this project is!
Yea there cool u can use them in any server makes its cooler
i boxed my buddy for fun thats all the boxing experience i have
What exactly does nitro do in discord?
Why would anyone fall for that if minting ended weeks ago
See u all thought its fake meanwhile hyxder got it
you guys gotta chill with the scam nitros
Possible 1.5ETH lets team up and show them what this project is all about guys! Maybe mods post a twitter raid?
Boss NFT Promoter BossNFTPromoter
1.5ETH to mintsweep some floors. Any suggestions?
damn these getting creative lol
Kisu it does make chat a lot more fun but also annoying sometimes lol
Yup! Its quite amazing actually. So many people commenting but yet there are few bots and the quality of conversation is good here!
i dont really see bots around here
lets get it bro announcements or somewhere with an everyone and this could be huge for us man
Its quite easy to detect bots lets make sure we all do our part to report suspicious spams
Yup we should do that. Thanks for your hard work bro!
Be sure to check out faqs if yall new comers need some help
what is that twitter can mods double check that i dont wanna click im scared
Hey Bot! Grab me a beer will ya?
Almostto the promised land hahaha
Cave2 was more chill 5hrs ago haha
Welcome back and lets chill together!
Thats a good good bot pats metal head hey Faudi  you need a beer too?
I have been seeing your name around bro. Seen you on SVS too youre a real contributor man. Glad to have you around I remembered how you were helping me out the other time thanks again. Happy to see you here
Lets make this a successful project
Jungle freaks discord just got hacked! Watch out guys
cave 2 is wayy better than cave 1 right? my fellow wyverns
Is that your Meka? Looks amazing!
Cave 2 is better than one? Yall gotta prove it
thats why we are called the VIP cave
this the only discord i actually like talking in
Glad to here everyone doing well! Yeah i definitely vibe with cave 2 more than cave 1!
Yessir you know it! You a fan too?
How did you get it? Aftermarket? I never had the chance to buy it early on 
Ight nvm I trust the homie Hyxder
i finally just finished building my desk gotta setup my computer then Ill be on to chat with people 
wow eth hitting ATH and gas is so high now
I lilke the vip cave baby we making waves here!
Yeaa gas is crazy man havent seen it below 120 gwei
whats up guys is this the cooler cave chat
Good idea bro. Happy your priority is here after deskstop setup. Stay motivated  This is going to be the next big thing
You hold it? ..... You planning to hold it for long time?
Welcome yeah! This is the only cave you need hehehe
I like him. Hes fun to watch but Im not an angels fan
yup. this is the cooler cave. welcome kucas
mechwyvern cosmicwyvern wingedwyvern
WOW. Congrats! big W dont forget that ever!
gas been so high every second everyday.. we need eth 2.0 asap
randomcbosh ayyee vip cave lets gooooooo
Oh hes so much fun to watch! Too bad his team sucks 
Yeah facts the single and no responsibility members are winning rn 
gas needs to stop  its been 200 for a couple days
Eth 2.0 still like 1 year away if we fast lol
Yes bro happy to be able to help. Great to see a familiar face  heard great things about you from the others too. We can do this!!!
Robert tummysalumi hello guys i havent been on recently because of work but we live!!
eth is up now eth is gonna be 5k
If he were in the playoffs this year that would be prime entertainment!  
nice bro. welcome back. damn you work til this late?
Anyone wana launch a shitcoin together faudicoin to the moon 
even basic transactions are becoming more expensive
PREWISH nah we pray for it tomorrow
Yeah that wont happen unless trout can stop getting injured
Yess lol pepelmfao its already been extended a few times by like 2 to 3 years
HENRY hahhaa praying doesnt help vitalik work lol
dont worry about the gas bro. Stay focused on this project!
oh wow 20 more whitelisted were added since i was gone huge jump
Thats facts hopefully we pop off next year tho! its time!
traffic probably just really high
yeah bro im always in the lab cookin up some shit u know me
Syd Rogers i like your cat pfp what is his name?
was just wondering i feel like its something good to know in the near future
tummysalumi Because people are buying the shitcoins?
LETS GO! You got your green name finally!
But why is traffic so high these days hmmmmm?  
haha same here. love to see ppl that grinded get whitelisted
well what can we really do about these insane gas prices?? its minimal but its still gas lol
im confused how mee6 aint remove that Kek
That that is wild wtf haha I ithought it was like maybe 1 year away  but I havent looked into it tho
congrats on turning green  well deserved
CharlesVFs  yup the more people added the better 
Hyxder  mayve green roles are able to type in all caps try it 
No more extensions pls we need this 
honestly i dont even know either haha
Good luck. As a Yankees fan I will root for anyone in that division over the astros
yea NFT will always associate with the rise and fall of crypto. Runs on crypto blockchain. maybe we should branstorm a way to disassociate this
Im just tryna mint some low cost nfts 
Use 2e layer stuff like imx but yea nothing except wait lol
aw damn idk if yall know who hueyhaha is but he just passed the other day he was one of the funniest people ive seen on instagram make sure to check on your friends
congrats on turning green faudi!!
Im confused how mee6 aint remove u ngl
Lmao i respect that i used to be a yankees fan as a kid  
Ohtani has brought me back to the baseball scene
Hahahaha LFG is right yo!!!! wlcclfg
Robert yoo robby congrats on green!!!!
yooooo congrats on the whitelist
LMAO it looks like green roles get certified caps allowed sickkk 
BoNFT  yeah so sad to see him go was always there when you truly needed a laugh rip to him had a beauitful daughter too
Crazy gass for last 3 days.....
Congrats on the whitelist homie! I need to take notes from you 
Hey guys i need opinions about my pfp 
Hahaha yea its been at it for a long time but to go from 
Robert yea man gas is insane 100 for mint if u lucky lol
hello Wyverns fam!! Hope everyone is having a great evening.
congrats Robert nice seeing you green! well deserved
its because shibaa huge moonshot
Lets see when I say which CAVE is the BEST you guys say CAVE 2!
lol i guess if you keep asking you get green
Thanks! tummysalumi TylerTakesATrip HENRY
Thx everyone but if u think that now im gona stop from my road to top1 ur mistaken
I think the bots just broken rn tbh
not bad man. just had a sushi buffet. feeling stuffed
Hyxder almost at 1k messages 9056peped
awe bummmer i think i heard about this 
Whats good nice to see you here again
he always seemed like a happy guy it be the funniest people that be the saddest make sure to check up on your homies
Haha I rem I have 1 all caps message got cancelled
lucky you. how many rolls did you eat?
Yummm I feel like sushi now enjoy
Bruh we paying our whole paychecks for a mint 
welp its kinda dropping right now
wow congrats to those getting  200 
wish i knew about this earlier but better late than never!
dont do that to the poor guy let him sleep 
damnn sushi rolls seem mad good right now what rolls did you order
they are handpicking active people  i wouldnt give up just yet
I literally screammed in the middle of the nigbt
yeah always gotta check up on friends every now and then you never know what someone else is going thru
thoughty2  hey youre still very early so far only 100 people have been whitelisted so youre still in the very early strages
Wow you are finally green congrats on making it you deserve it
countless man. had to use the bathroom after loool
Thanks kucas you were my lucky charm thanks for coming back 
Exactly its f a lot of people up 
I minted someone to send it from my burner wallet to main i had to pay 80 lol
Hey fam good to see you as well. Anything good?
thats why im trynna keep it positive in here dont know what people going through in their personal lives
Lol congrats everyone on getting wL
Faudicoin gona pass ur xrp shitcoin in mcap 2 days after launch 
hahaha no problem man glad to see the homie succeeding
Ive never actually tried to mint yet is it a tough process 
been seeing you here for a while now robert! it was nice chatting with you i guess you can finally sleep now AHHAHAHA
yeah man like its been over 120 for a week already!!
thanks for the motivation bro. really glad when channel has good vibes
Robert good job buddy! Congrats 
congrats!!! i seen you grinding
yes pls positive vibes are the best just keeping it positive makes everything 10x much better
i must develop a strategy when going to buffets lol. I feel like i ate too little but got so full
Yeah there arent any or much bots in this NFT which is really cool
yup. definitely well deserved by robby.
Keep going everyone! Wyverns arent stopping!
ok nice!! hows your day so far my man?
superwasheddevil yea it will stay like this lol for a long time
Possible 1.5ETH lets team up and show them what this project is all about guys! Maybe mods post a twitter raid?
Boss NFT Promoter BossNFTPromoter
1.5ETH to mintsweep some floors. Any suggestions?
me neither want to know this!!! i heard gas fees are insane when trying to mint especially when there are gas wars in play
Cave 2 success stories here! Or are we VIP cave yet?
kucas I know you gonna make it soon because you got the lucky touch  
HENRY Haha yeah its been great chatting with you here but im not going anywhere! Ill see you around still!
Faudi  man its gonna cruise I think
i feel that. but for me its because im a very light guy so i cant eat that much
yea actually whats the difference between cave and cae 2
great to see you back in here lol  i took a nap and youre still going!!!!!
VeroSolo  just know cave 2 the best cave 
Robert WOO congrats on the green name i was just talking to you before nap great to see you in green it looks great
nice!! just watching some Thursday Night Football cooking up some dinner and vibing in her with the fam.
Yeah what is the deal with gas wars Im not tryna lose all my money minting  
Greatt! My name now turn to greeeen 
4400 eth ? Holy f how they recover from tjay
hahaha nah i havent been anywhere near active because ive been busy  maybe soon thought!
Shisyuo i usually get some help by getting the munchies   iykyk
congrats!!! well deserved on being the green gang man!!
Yessir cave 2 breeds whitelist babies  
v1 Thanks a lot homie i hope you thrive soon!
yeah you gotta be careful when minting.. sometimes gas ends up costing more than the nft itself lol
Plenty of room for the WL! Grind hard  stay active and youll be rewarded big time
Oh wow just now aye. congrats my man!! how long have you been in here?
Wow. Cant afford any more. Gotta work with what I got now 
Congrats! A lot of cave 2 whitelist winners i see! We really do hold it down for the server 
Yeah gas fees are crazy the past few days! A bit irritating actually haha
WOW you hoped and it happen LMAO congrats on the green well deserved 
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns lmao really how was it? rolling loud just hasnt been the same anymore
time to see how cave one doin Kek
Thank youu so much! I love you guys and this awesome community!! 
eth is going up everyday. And somehow connected to the sales in NFT space
hahaha yeah heard it gets up real high think gas is like .02 eth for mints which is kinda crazy. but i hope eth 2.0 comes out soon and solves this problem for us
Thats awesome! Way to go cave 2 people
1Tapi0ca  yes its not a grind if the reward is good community and great project
Thanks my buddy! Ill never forget you 
Love to see the people getting green names congrats to everyone!
which sets did you watch for rolling loud? i heard joey badass polog and jack harlow performed today
yeah eth going hard all time high right?
you reckon??? NO!!!!!! i am broke!!!!
This whole flash loan thing got me slackin on my grind
Yeah i saw you was talking about the football game on sports
Ayyy it seems to be more calm in here hows everyone doing?
Good thing i got my eth bag when it was at 600
yup. cave 2 is where its at. all the cool wyverns chill here
Anyone make new friends in the NFT scene?
Cave 2 pops peeps in here are great.
You deserve this. Congratulations!!!!
Yea eth is really soaring high after shib run
Yeah i wouldnt even know how that works though.
Is it a complete different coin or what 
Welcome to Cave 2. We are celebrating a few new greenies
yo whats up arceus! werent you at rolling loud? how was it
Yess mate for the past 2 month all i have seen is gas price increase no sign of slowing down more people jump into this space
Yesss i got some cool friend since joining nft ppl from other country
i only got onto eth when i learnt about NFT
but yes seems like all time high now
Happy for you hope its my turn very soon haha
SO many friends! I talk to my NFT and Twitch friends more than IRL friends KEKW
saw all of them jack harlow was fire but im j trynna go home now LMAO ill share some pics in music
congrats kenny on being happy for him
Oh yeah hahaha love the chat in there. I had to step out for a bit.
PSA for anyone checking your rank consider using rank instead of !rank 
Congrats man! So many greens popping up now Im glad everyone thats active is getting them
Lol I talk on discord more than my wife
We need some nft experts to drop some gas knowledge on us newbies 
me2 only reason i have eth is because nfts
awesome man jack harlow is pretty lit i would love to see him live! i cant wait to check out music later
Yeahh! Lets do some party and danceee
the green is starting become all over the chat this is wonderful
Im gonna keep trying to produce more and more art  let creativity manifest our minds! Lets celebrate Cave 2 once im done
Lmfao second time doing this to me  you dont want to see these people win?
A lot more nft friends than real life i can relate
how long did it take you fam to get the green name? congrats again!!
how have you gotten into drawing?
maybe its the market correcting itself too many people tapping in will saturate the market bricking everything
Let us in cave 2 know once you finish PESHeart
hmm i never looked into it either i think so
I do love me some jack harlow! That boy is too cool 
i think polog is also performing he has a lot of boppers
He aint ever peaked he still getting cuter
Hmmm then it would be a completely different price than ETH? 
lamo he doesnt like seeing praisers what a shame atleast hes keeping track for you LOL
Robert  jack harlow slaps did you hear that song with him and pooh sheisty 
HENRY Polo G one of my favorite all time rappers his old songs are so good too
I tend to just let my mind write. If you think too hard  you end up walking on fire and burning yourself with thousands of ideas. 
BoNFT Will do! Do we prefer GIFs or Pictures?
We are at 4689 now wohoooo! Get your friends to join before it is too late!
Shd have bought more eth when low
it will probably follow in ETHs tracks and overtake it or maybe they let you convert it
Yess for sure we are in a nft bear market.
gifs are cool but do whatever youre comfortable with to rep cave 2 aPESPogSpin
We need a new system soon it seems like. Plus its going to be much harder for people to enter this space as time goes on if the gas prices are too high.
v1 sup dude! haha hes always congratsing me congrasting other people
Polo g better days verse is fire
Man thinks if hes 1 lvl above me he can ignore me
word he made 2019 mad memorable with his album
Hyxder congrats on being rank 1 level 20 for now..
Ive hit level 8! Lets GO! Hyxder congrats  youre crazy . I see the Jpegs angel been trying to get in since day 1
Hmmm idk if i have what is it called?
Yeah i love that channel too haha
Nft make profit and make good friends.......
Thats a pretty succinct explanation
You know after looking at google for like 10 seconds i feel like it is the same coin 
I am getting my mates to join bro
bruh what are you talkin bout? 
Dang floor for top100 is lvl 12
better days? I gotta listen to that now you mightve put me onto something here
youwdin  you ate slept and other wyvern fam..
its a bit lower because a lot of the people in the top 200 already got whitelisted
you sir got a new fan in here lol always love to congratulate people
HENRY and people barely found out about him until pop out with tjay boy he been making hits for awhiles
Robert  the song is called SUVs give it a listen it goes hard have you listened to the song  who want smoke
Is the tactic to have a girl profile pic to get responses? instsntly changed pfp once you got the green name. Think smart not hard
Glad youre loving the community
I wish i had some eth right now 
I asked where u from and got silence in return
Maybe coz ur botting and dont read msgs???????
I wonder how they come out with the level up algorithm
Shisyuo Thanks  mate  whats up? 
you been here a fat min hope you get that wl soon fam
are you in the top 200 as well?
Omg my kid is destroying the house while I chat here
thanks for hanging out with me brodie! appreciate you  cant wait to get our wyverns
its all love from me ya feel me!!
pain geez pain you been here for a minute now my g
Hyxder  wow thats awesome dudeCoach Greg
gotta have ETH around here in this neighborhood ahaha
yeah im in the top 200 as well idk how
I actually spent 15 hours grinding with girl pfp and got a green name 15 mins after i changed to dragon
you been tryna instigate shit with me for a minute i wouldnt have gotten wl if they were bot messages get off my ass bruh
Just on the internet looking at crypto to invest into 
I need to spend my whole paycheck on some eth soon 
same brother having a couple of beers but im starting to get real tired
i cant believe eth is at an all time high
the sacrifice must be made haha
Eth is about to get even higher
kennayyy unfortunately gas at 100 i think is the new norm unless the talk about eth going into v2 or smtgh
Oh wow. Just seen it. Incredible!!!
yoooo so have you my guy we hanging in there 
HENRY  so they do a snap shot at suprise time and need to be in what???
yup lemme get ur opinions after the song 
PREWISH  we still in the early stages only 108 have been whitelisted so far
Seinic  ETH boutta hit 5k before we even know it jesus christ slow down a bit lol nfts so low rn its crazy
Someones mad coz i found out his little dirty secret
is that the secret LMAOO once i go dragon i go crazy?
vegasm i dont know i guess well find out one day XD
Wasnt hating I respect it. Congrats on WL though fr!
Yessir the vibe here its amazing
Looking at some inu coins right now put some money into Mononoke Inu 
the important thing about grinding here I feel is actually to also actively contribute to the space. through marketing or other efforts. For the communitywe will win
i gotta spend a whole 2 months of work for 1 eth 
I promise you the only one that thinks im a bot 
I actually think ive heard this like once before its pretty good tbh 
How times have changed pepelmfao aawyeah 
pain haha lvl 20 is crazy tho! im not like you haha
Great idea. Get them in before we close!
 Its rough out here but these wyverns gonna take us to the moon!
No i need to buy more and its getting expensive
Yo same guys honestly starving rn
Half of msgs are emojis mannnn js
I have no clue what that is lol
change to cosmic wyvern sneak peak pfp and youll find out ahah
Shiba is worth some small Investment
Think you might be the salty one fam 
You should look into Mononoke Inu
corm44  Its a new coin but they are making a game seems legit
Damn that sucks... what did he do 
Lol everyone has the same pfp in this joint
im not level 20 xD im only like 12
crypto is just another space. NFT the real deal bro
yeah hella bullish on this project but im not sure if im gonna flip it because the roadmap looks p solid haha
diamond hands and a genuine community
Seinic you dont think its climaxed and needs to work out some more before another rally
your pfp looks cute what is that
im like lvl 10 now we da grinded togehter
Hyxder is 100 legit! Hes an awesome dude deserves 1 for sure
One of my friends sent this picture a while ago! Idk whos dog it is but its cute! 
i forgot the actual case trial but i just did a quick google and the first thing that pops up is that hes on trial for shooting a man in his buttocks i kid you not LOL i dont know the full story but i just know he gon be locked up for awhile
kennayyy  youve been here since keep up the great engagement 
If u already wl why u grind lol ? Trying to get no 1
Nah I dun think it climax.. The shib community are insane.. They gonna keep pumping
yeah we good  keep it up haha im prob take a break soon though
not as cute as my froggie fren hahahaha JKJKJK
oh sweet!! i have hope haha. what level are you btw?
he has some sorta grudge against me and is trying to prove sum Kek
pain haha same. when i sleep its gonna be all over
Hello. Good morning from my side of the world. How is Evely doing?
Dont we all.... work our entire life to get some approval right
hey pat! doing well how are you doing
its fine anything now is a dip cause its gonna go higher one day
Good morning too from my zona time it 9 am
Oh yeah i feel like this is one to hold! The project is super dope and people are gonna want our wyverns!
HENRY Hey that frog is pretty cute where is it from!?
yeah idk if i can hav a break tbh lmmao
Seinic  I have 250000000 I bought last year
just finished eating dinner. what yall up to
Its growing fast and burning some zeroes
Trying to stay on top but damn busy irl
But 1 in 5k discord server js gona make her proud forever
hey HENRYYY hows my brother from another mother doing my brother
randomcbosh its from a NFT collection called Froggie Frens
what did you eat for dinner? im mad hungry rn just got back home from the gym
awesome glad to see new people here ! beginner here as well
Lol  good luck with ur little rival  
pain no break we doing this wyvern heaven we can do it
Where do you buy it? I dont see it on coinbase
yeah street life got him sucked back in it sucks so unfortunate to happen to him any other rappers youve been listening too 
KuroJPEG  take care of those irl thingd first  always can come back to discord
kucas  get some quick pbnj sandwiches in for those gains
Hi HENRYYY. Am good thanks and you? I can tell everyones working towards the WL!
please feel free to PM me if you have any questions. I think Im in the same position as you just weeks ago
I see you! That project a big hit?
okay im with you wyvern brother
chicken and rice. you know anything bout that?
hey twin im chilling man how are you?
Pat  haha yea just having conversations with peoepl!
happy to be here so far! hoping to get whitelist eventually iys just hard to type in chat so long my head starts killing me haha
I have a billion of shiba so im a billionaire
i dont even check anymore tbh if it meant to be its meant to be
Seinic  not rich yet but its starting to make me think
yup. richer than jeff bezos lool
hey henryyy nice to see you here
i got none of those ingredients in my fridge except for bread LOL
tummysalumi i know a thing or two... i eat that meal every day!
Nah im not too knowledgeableof the music scene tbh  
I just add songs here and there i find to my spotify 
lmao g shit congrats on being a billionare
dont worry the team is giving whitelist spots to people who show organic engagement as well so you do not necessarily have to be top 200
hey kennayyy nice to see you again my nigerian brother!
I study online and have to discord
Be happy that we have this community regardless of rank
I think we do what we can to help and build this community.
BoNFT  .000067 was  .000085 yesterday we gonna drop another zero
If only it was on coinbase haha  you have to use uniswap 
what method do you use to make your chicken? is it dry?
But being in top 200 feels good
yeah bro i been here from the start LMAO
no not really but im keeping him because hes really really cute!! the floor for froggie frens is 0 ETH so you can copy just gotta pay gas
HENRYYY chilling bro im tryna finish up YOU but i keep getting distracted
ahahahaaha. the pocket change is worth a bugatti or what
I think shiba will be going to the moon.....
fosho it definitely guarantees wl too but you gotta be willing  available to work for it
Sorry and tying to look upthe roadmap and faq
is YOU good? i stopped after the first season
happy for you  Time to diversify into NFT and definitely this! CW for the win
oh yo congrats on the WL! heartspingreen U earned that shit!
no need to be apologetic on this server!
Ah man that sucks  What happened to the project man 
thoughty2 thanks man lets gooo!
Doodles is gonna go down to 1 ETH I want one 
Never used that before. I dont even know if it works where I live
Hahaha yes Im at work and in here talking with the fam
Yess doodle its big project... 13 fp now?
already at 194 lfg   now i just need no sleep and ill be ok
when it goes down idk how itll ever go back up 
Dont need doodles when we have CW bro. CW will be great. And what makes it greater is the vibes here
lmao if i get this hell be asking me for pocket money too
Only 3 sneak peaks so far and they look SICKK. Cant wait for more sneak peaks
yeah it gets better YOU. only gets crazier and crazier
randomcbosh i guess nobody really wanted them ahahah
haha we in the same boat im like 196 rn
Thanks mate! We will all thrive in cave 2 soon! 
Just buy faudi coin while ur early and we see u at the moon
kennayyy Itll definitely go back up 
Delayed replying and didnt want to seem rude. Noted and thanks mate
what is it again? i wanna look at it
HENRYYY kinda like the og henry here tbh
Whats its price niw ? It was below 1 at a point
its not easy for a lot of people! i have trouble because i NEED to concentrate on one thing for it to be good but multitasking makes it so that both of the tasks that im doing are subpar works
Damn did you mint it presale? Was it cheap at least!
Gona make it the biggest crypto scam in the history
Souhate theres like at least 50 whitelisted in the top 200 list so you guys can relax! its okay to sleep
Fugazzi I have less Ys in my name
randomcbosh i minted it public sale it was pretty cheap
im just cooler my twin is a looser
Faudi tell me more ab dr fauci coin
oh wait i was totally confusing it with another nft that was 0.1 was confused xD
usually i just stir fry it. could bake it as well tho
first of all his name has 3 ys and everybody knows 3 ys makes you cooler
Oh thats sweet! Did you mint it cuz it was cute or did you have high hopes for the project 
Nah nah i have my own strategy its called dump and dump
Doodle ..... 13 fp last time i checked strong fp
Yo im right behind you on the rank haha
oh interesting okay. just hard to keep engagements for long periods of time
If you gonna make the token icon that pfp its going too the moon
Who thinks that the market is a fugazi now
chill man. no dumping. we here for the long term
nah dont believe him. remember in life that more is not always better. sometimes one is just enough
aight i expect to see you right behind me when we both rank 50s right
thanks bro but i just wanna be safe
Hell yeah we hold this project! These wyverns look so dope actually!
Congrats! Hard work pays off they say  Ive been in this discord all day long
Nah it should be the girl from other pfp to attract new comers
Yessir lets see who gets there first hahaha
Guys anyone from UKIreland here?
Yess they have strong community.....
Hyxder would you rather have one Wyvern or 3 wyverns?
would you rather have one cool wyverns or three not so cool wyverns? ill leave it to you guys
i would want as many wyverns as possible of course
Man cave 2 really is better the cave 1 we are so close here 
you got this bro it doesnt even feel like a grind its fun being here
and were back got everything setup  copped an electric desk im loving it rn
No i wish i have ....... To pricy for me now i cannot afford it
how you doing soldier? hanging in there?
fading 0 its getting hard to read lmao
LMFAO hahahha who knows you would have 3 chances of getting 3 fire wyverns hmm food for thought
Doodles are down a good amount maybe a good time to pick up 0.o
Weclome to the VIP cave enjoy your stay 
Im hoping to get a deskstop soon myself too
would be nice have multiple screens
OK dont tell the other HENRY but i would rather have three...
Gas literally put my nft trading to halt so I guess its chit chat time for me n the rest as well lol
That sneak giving me the batman vibes
Yeah its bad my portfolio is down a lot 
the gas price is extremely high. its crazy
NFTs are a lifetime. Forget gas  rip it!
its been so high over the past week huge turnoff
yh that shits expensive at least you are early in this project 
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns you are 160
1 or 3 as long as youre part of the community haha
when do we start with the coin?
proud of the UwU Gang for representing
you plan on minting even with this gas fee?
I want 3 wyverns mannn want them all to be unique and cool
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  my mans climbing the ranks like nothing congrats 
Nothing minting this morning its just shiba finally has its moment ....finally dog beat cat or even ape leoo
ooh yeah i have an ultra wide and a normal monitor now and still want another haha Im building a pc next since Im almost done fixing the setup. just have to buy a new chair now im looking at herman millers dance3
Shiba minting no stop go brrrrrr
dont think so. it has been high for the past 2 days. like avg 150
sometimes you just gotta take the L and pay that gas
HENRY I agree its part of the game
nah not gonna mint anytime soon there arent any projects that ive been interested in with close mint dates
Of course sir i have a beautiful camaro haha
Yesss need to be wl in that kind of project.... But doodle is not hype no one knows before presale and public sale.... Suddenly 15 fp
U can send me 1 eth for exclusive presale of 2 faudi tokens rn
Me patiently waiting for eth 2.0
If the project is special like this one just gotta suck up the gas i guess 
what are other projects are you looking at right now
yee I use to own a lil drift 350z but got rid of it during the start of covid bc the vq scene was annoying af LMAOO
probably some big guys behind it that only started shilling afterwards
Not true.. Its very hyped before the sales actually..
lmao when u turn green  congrats g!
yea very strong. Lots of whales in the project so I dont see it dipping TOO much.
its only been like two days now
Doodle quite hype before launch actually
youve never seen it? i see this everywhere lol
Tell me about your pfp you have bruh KEKW
Ye with a special discount code FAUDIBETTERTHANHYXDER u get 20 off
furballs? you whitelisted for them too?
Just like 30 min ago or so! Thank you! 
Its coach greg with a big ass salad bowl on his head
Yeah i see that gif everywhere here lol why though
dudeee !! i had a g35 for awhile but basically blew her up hahah
fr we been stuck at 4600 for a wile now needa invite some peeps to get to 4700
it was also fbo and i was about to go e85 before selling as well. moved on to a commuter for now though to get the bag im still looking at cars but might dive into german cars next
Ive added 15 more members in the past 1 hour. got all my mates in lol
Even heard ppl hiring from fiver to make memes to enter discord
Yess maybe some big whale behinf the project pump it up
Thats my coach and doctor and dad 
20 off Ive been blessed this cant be real
Organicly is better than invite comp
damn is that the real coach greg
nah not talking about invite competition people can invites frens
thats sick bro! im with my buddy rn he has a fully built Rs3 and were headed to get E rn
Im telling you this discord will be 5k with the quickness the hype is too real
They got big only few day before pre sale..... Some guy in youtube talk about it before i think they only like 78k community
bro i blew my de and was so sad loved the sound of that engine even though my thing was slow as hell hahaha
I hope to see at least one more
I think it is crazy how coach greg is in on the nft scene o!!!
Oh wow if soemone talk on YouTube this place will fly agaib
Thank you mate we all gonna thrive soon!
Whats your favorite project bro?
def need more sneak peeks for sure only 2 and i cant hold my excitement in  hopefully animated ones
Shisyuo  5k by tonight set the standards high lol 
TheCoaster  sooner or later were gon be flying to 10k lol cave 3 incoming
wouldnt doubt it being crypto and all
still sick dude ! keep grinding you know! caleb i had an HR built as well
i think they are just getting started 
Definitely! We are doing great so far but with a bit more help this will place will be even more awesome!
theres one with and without wings and then the steel one looks fire but thats 3 bb
what legendaries do you mean? like there will be some here as well?
chat is picking up   I AM NOT BOT
Their discord was closed all along
Ur not the only one bro  i also want them
Yeah that man is about to be adding nft knowledge to his videos now
Doodle to pricy for me now.... But i thiink its will be good investment
5k by 12 pm est? lets get the train going. come on people move it!!
hmm lemme think... COSMIC WYVERNS
Pixel art is still the most fun one 
yh its expensive as hell probs staying away from doodle tho with how it started
i dont think anyone is inviting their friends because they want to get WL first xD
I believe that this project will go to the moon
Let me one up you we getting 5k in 1 hour and 55 minutes!
So thats why not many ppl heard about doodle
i feel like trash after rolling loud LMAO
Any of you guys in evosnail project?
That a camaro? I love that car 
oh yeah i wanna see more 11s for sure those always get me excited even tho i never have the change to get em lol 
Shisyuo  well be flying all the way to the moon sooner or later
TheCoaster  sneak peaks always get me hyped up
haha good answer. but for me and im sure alot thats the truth
Yes there a high chance that it will
I do believe it too. we must work together. More manpower required  power lvl almost 9000
Lotsa alpha channels was hyping them up before sales tooo
yo guys im gonna take some sleep good luck everyone see you tomorrow
What is rolling loud? Or do you mean you were rolling a blunt? PuffPuff lol
I will take us all to the moon myself
what did you do for the event? just drink?
I try to safe eth.... Maybe .. can afford it later
you will soon my guy you are mad active in this community already. Talking to like 3 people at once is commitment
How much that bad boy cost you? Camaro is a dream car 
yup high chance that it will shall we see another cave channel added lol
Coach Greg  have a good one greg cya tmmr get some rest
kennayyy  i see you have also done the same LOL its a great way to get back to everybody since the cooldown
LOL rolling loud is a music festival with big artists that perform
PeepoClap maybe yh just see what you are comfortable with
you with the virgin galatic rocket or the amazon one?
what did u guys have for dinner
Yes this one have gaming companies ties already
Yesss but now to pricy for me now.... Do u think doodle will be good investment?
i learned it from the very best!
Yoo fr love their sneak peaks I luckily got on their WL. Really hoping I can get WL here as well
carne asada burrito! was super delicious
Which games are interesting right now
same bro hope we get WL together
knicks vs bulls. knicks are up 10
Bro calls me a bot but is sayin the most random shit Kek brain hurtin rn
One of the common alphas is to put ur liquidity into them if u have any now
yoo im back been busy creating some fanart. hows everyone doin???
oh dont tell me ur doing party favors..
Reminder to Drink your water guys keep up your basic necessities. This chat is going to be here for a long time coming
pepelmfao did think he meaned that lol
Ooooh  I wanna see!  Im doing good!
no dinner yet but im planning to have some good ole wings
mitchel ooouuuu can never go wrong with stir fry that just be hitting every time i had it like 2 weeks ago
TheCoaster ou nice what whitelist did you recently get on 
Hyxder  i cannot tell if you guys are seriously argueing or just having fun with each other LOL
Exactly what a virgin would say
mango habanero boneless is the best!!!!!!!!!1
Damn are the knicks suppose to be nice this year?
0xCharlyOP When did you buy it you pay in full or what?
Oh my bad I thought you were talking about the project I mentioned earlier. Its Evosnails
they pretty nice if they can beat up the bulls
But now its so pricy.....almost impossible for me to get it....... And with eth price today...its crazy
sun is coming out for me here haha
Good bro just learning more about the flashloans
facts! No reason to hurt yourself  end of day money is a plus  community is schvalid
thanks bro   its an nft from my bro
Haha right a around rank 350 you start advancing at a snails pace
mango habanero one of my favorites it be so good esp when you dip it in ranch  
TheCoaster same here i made the whitelist for that very excited of whats to come from it 
mitchel whats your favorite type of chips i need to up my chip game ive been trying to find new flavors lol
bro you a bot?   that rank 1 grind cant be done by humans
Hey mitchel thats a lot of servers in common
he going off rn? havent been watching
Thats crazy but the knicks never seem to make a contender eh 
 ik he a bot for sure hahaha jk
Hey robot hows your day been robot
brooo mango habanero with ranch at buffalo wild wings!!! fireeeeee
I dont eat chips because I have diabetes! Really not good for me  so I stay away as much as possible.
But if I ever do I love eating Zapps potato chips
hes not doing bad. he got a 19 bomb
Oh hahaha okay that was also a guess too KEKW
Still hodl with my meka instead
NateDawg  is what from the hobbit
Are you eating that rn? Or why are you that excited hahahaha
Straight fire. Its too spicy for me. I wish it wasnt or that would be the only wings i get
Hey now they dont like bots in this server 
flashloan? Tricky Uncle  im good just trying to get WL here before weekend 
sons what do you guys think of the jungle freaks hack  game over or buying oportunity of the lifetime or nah. gdi love the art and it does look like an entry point
Im a hawkeagle and I look for snakes for breakffast!
awh man that sucks chips are soo good too  ive had those chips before and theyre pretty good
kennayyy  too spicy what no way you have a low spice tolerance? were back on the wings topic again haha
Brisket or pork belly???!? I need to know!
Ill gladly take a bite of that holyyyy 
Quite unfortunate for them  may take a while for them to build it up again
on 1 hand i want a bite bcs it looks juicy on the other it looks so damn unhealthy xD
Dont have time to eat...... Must grind now
you used pork belly as a bun thats heat
v1 my stomach cant handle the spice. I use to eat spice like a mf but then now I get crazy stomach issues the next day. and LMFAO wing topic im dead
holy jamoles im quitting my job to become a full time WL grinder
oh my  you making me dumb hungry rn
AYEEE you got green as well nice!!! congrats
Do u mean french fries when u say chips or wat
Community is grwoin organically ..
bro we are witnessing community building here. I support your decision man. 
breakfast rn ooooo what what timzone are you in  so cool to see so many people from different parts of the world in the community
kennayyy the spices fr be kicking your ass after you eat youll be loving them wings and then like hrs later youre on the toilet regretting lmao
Omg pork belly wrapped burger that looks so good
Thx looks like the appreciated my fan art
singapore is that in china? holy jamoles my sense of geography where it has gone
thats why I get some crazy stomach medicine LMFAO
everybody mouth watering in thecave2  this should change to a food channel LOL
kennayyy  man i feel ya i wish we can eat foot without all these stomach issues LOL
Nah Singapore is not part of China
haha that sandwich looks like its from a magazine
No bro Singapore in SEA. Small country but with big ambiition. Look at their history and their community building man. Admire their spirit
How about this? With deep fried mozzarella cheese yall!
Love the eren jaeger pic my man AOT is the 
brehh i almost spat my water out haha
thats why I go for the non spicy these days like cant take shin ramen anymore either LOL
To many ppl in cave 1 cant talk and chill in there
Wowww! Thats so cool. Would love to visit there one day
Damn its almost like a drug when you on the chat this long
wouldnt mind trying that at all
holy macakornis better check myself before i wrack myself you guys be busting your gut out over there in the tropics
Ooh were u tuned from admin or saul? I know theres other tuners but that was like a big thing when i was still active in the community
Thanks  This scene with Eren made me almost tear up. Man was so beautiful in this scene
maybe its the sleep you skipped  ?
Try maggi mee. one of the classic
Ah man that show is just legendary I feel you!
kucas Thanks your zenitsu pic is super dope! love that guy!
Here we can chat and hang out..... Better be here....
Wei  yeah might be right or I might actually be floating
Hahahahaha a big fun of burger!
is that zenitsu from demon slayer?
ordering take out mate? fomo is too strong to leave my desk bro
You know theres a pretty simple remedy to that problem right?
Same homie. My daughters bedroom is right beside my kitchen and I cant make noise RIP
Prayge are you jesus or are you sleep deprived? no one knows
That is facts I wish they would show him off more  
Im tryna see him do some more tricks
Hahaha u see me here too.... Im been here since 3 hours ago
maggi mee from malaysia not bad too . indomee from indonesia
Methodson LOL no youll be fine  
GonzoApe Damn thats tough  Sorry mate
i tried that def a classic i havent had it in so long tho i forgot the flavor tbh i havent had ramen for ages i used to live off those things lol
GonzoApe you must be cooking up some mad things in the kitchen lol put me on some recipes for sure
What other projects are you guys looking at at the moment?
cave 2 may be more poppin then cave 1
doesnt zenitsu only know how to use one ability
theres 2 caves and both are just as hyped wtf
Wow nice man i keep trying both chats because i have friends in chat 1 but thats too fast to keep up
i have no idea about any of that
if you know dadsg37 that was actually my neighbor  he was the guy with the red TT g37 tuned by admin. And i love admin but for power not reliability hahah
Solely focused on this one ATM. Have others lined up for mint coming soon though
Im just staying here..... Can have a real quality chat here
Only this one and this is more than enough. Better to get into 1 project with good community than many with bad community
gonna grab myself some maccas bruh for the famss
nah dont say that thecave2  the best cave cave 1 is just spammy as hell we having actual convos in here 
is for everyone! whitelistchat is for winners
HENRY it is zenitsu did you watch demon slayer?
Come to Philippines  yall this only cost 22 usd.. cheap but insanely good! God tier
thecave2 is unofficially called the VIP cave.. we named it
Same here! Super interested in Hapebeast at the moment just because im a hype beast myself lol
That is the most factual fact! Cave 2 gang for life
kucas Love demon slayer too man!
cave 2 actually has a nickname its called vip cave if you know you know
22??? Bruh Im eating for a few days with that
hahahah lmaoo.. that real nice i reckon this is the cave but chiller.
I was expecting that to be cheaper
feel you bro i drive a commuter just because its much more reliable tbh
Why cave 2 named vip ? I missed anything?
Yeah foods here in philippines are cheap lol
this is the way no reason to waste money on a commuter
how much does that weigh do you know? maybe ill try it if im ever in the Philippines
Nuuuuuuhhh dont talk about indomieeee. I havent eaten since i woke upppp 
bro they aint a regular burger LOL what is that that looks insane
kennayyy ong ifykyk we VIP in here 
JIMEK MASTER21  yeah but honestly here or chillcave  is the best spot to be at more chiller than cave 1
damn why is my earwax so sticky lol
that looks good are those fries powdered?
demon slayer is pretty lit i cant wait to watch season 2
thats how it be in the dweller life
Brother how big is that?! How many people does that feed lol
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T it just is haha
silverhelle you need to get yourself some
We are back! To the moon we go  level 9 babyyyy
bro fr i have an elantra but im still paying 40 on gas every time !
Im good bro.... Hope can get in to this project
rainbowhappy 864350771536330782 
gdi i need to be eating more stuff from the phillipines  wen borders reopening bruh
Damn you had to do us like that pepekek
you didnt watch it yet? it is good watch
all the best. Hope we get together
lmao im driving a 3500 around right now. About to rent it out to a hotshot company and buy another normal truck
Demon slayer already completed manga
I forgot lol! But tried it and it was heaven!
damn be sure to always clean your ear with q tips lol but dont dig to deep with em 
1Tapi0ca  ayye keep at it keep going congrats just keep active and interacting with the community 
Yeah looking forward to the border reopening
ty imma actually get more water
i heard q tips were bad for cleaning the ears tho. dont they push the ear wax more in
nice gratz only 1 lvl to go till top 200 and then you can say farewell to sleep kek
you actually read through all of that tyler
always good mate keep vibing all the time
Great buddy! wads your time now
Doing well. Been eating my vege as sides to just hoomans
did you even get close to finishing it? that looks huge!
my boy val been here for a minute hope you get that wl soon broski
cave 2 is where the future whitelisters are  ! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T Snobol  yes just vibing cant wait to get one of these beautiful creatures minted
rpm40hoon I Wyvern playboi carti
Yes bro we can do it together!!! Just be helpful and engage the community!
awh man idk tbh but they feel so good i heard they had to put a warning not to put in ear because people were sticking them deep down in there lol but they are meant to clean ears tho
how should i clean my ears then?
good going for that sweet wl wbu?
My community college name was Valencia lol in Orlando
Yeah i havent started season 2 either! Should be sick though eh!
yea im all vaxxed up got the max boost up ready to suit up for the flight out
yeah imma wait till its all finished so i can start
go to a doctor for sure! dont take risks
anyone watching the knicks game rn?
Yeah i need to watch season 2 as well hope its lit!
I hope so bro gotta go for a while boss calling damn! see ya guys
i heard it was bad to clean out your earwax unless its actually blocking your hearing or something
i hope ur a high rank now even higher
Same as always just vibing and hoping for the blessing 
pretty much im sorry you wont make it for whitelist pepepray
Nice bro. NFT will likely be able to fund all the trips you want to take in the future p
will the doctor clean my ears for me?
woooowww this looks really good
Hahahaa! Come here in the philippines!
Im heading to bed yall. Everyone have a GN
nah chasiu is pork shoulder instead of pork belly both still very good tho
dang 109 so far i hope i make it
yeah its probably bad lol but i feel dirty if i dont and that q tip in your ear just hit different haha
tummysalumi yeah your doctor can help remove ear wax from your ear
JIMEK MASTER21 can i ask how u know about the hip thrust cult ?
Good night! I hope you get some good rest. YOull need it ArthurGun
Aw man would you like my spot dad
we are in a decent amount of same servers!
ayy you bullish bro  lets get this dough. but not from wynerns naw what im saying  long term hold fo sure
o watt i never heard of that before. ok ill ask him about it
You can buy doodle with that thooooo
i think its more habit than anything then i have never cleaned my earwax out so i dont feel like i need to clean it
niceee whats your opinion about fish tanks?
that pork belly looks bussin even though its not char siew
a GP or general practitioner can do that. Its safer and after cleaning its spotless.
trust me you made it already basically lol youre in good enough hands good job btw
kucas  facts you just get used to cleaning the q tip its too satisfying to stop haha
I just stick some tissue in the ears to soak the water after showering idk if thats bad though 
we are definitely going to make it 
yeah we need more sneak peaks asap 
i think bot commands is broken lol
i feel bad for people that cant eat pork
randomcbosh probably not think its fine to have some water in there
so much work maintaining i had one and it was always extremely dirty
Sorry every1 got good food in my cam roll!
sire great hold man cant wait for the execution of the fourth quarter roadmap gonna be so lit esp with metaverse rollouts
My boy trying to make everyone hungry in here 
Wonder if it will surpass bluechip doodle thoughh Seinic whaddya think? p
i always want the knicks to win cus its my city
oh we are talking about the nft called the fish tank but can imagine yh. dont you need to clean it monthly or something? like empty and refill etc
that looks delish! reminds me of the big family meals with a huge roast pork in the middle
stay hard comrade. dont let nobody else outwork you.
ong fish tanks are so much to maintain i gave up on mine LOL it was literally too much and getting kinda expensive always miss waking up and seeing fishies tho
vegasm  be sure to get some rest every so often and hydrate pls 
kiran559  some of the slots were hand picked yes by the mods those handpick were those who were active and engaging within the community
sold one at the reveal holding the other so dope brooo lets gooo
putting all my hope into this project fr
Get some rest mate! I seen you around here a lot today! Dont go too hard now
make sure to worry about your mental health first and get some sleep!
I believe we will. Only a matter of time and remember the best part is being part of this community. We need to be hardworking to promote healthy community.
hahah i didnt know but you have to clean every week
v1 mine always had the white diseases with my fish it was so expensive to maintain
Of cos. U cant compare meka to a pfp project
Methodson I wished I sold one pre reveal too
Heyyyy that makes two of us go go get some food!
sounds like something david goggins would say
wow so many green roles going out congratulations all!
im hungry tooo what do you want to have for your breaklunchdinner
got some food workin rn for myself 
yup im a big goggins fan. stay hard is his quote
everyone jus get sushi or pizza
ah yes first thought weekly but wasnt sure so said monthly. draining and refilling every week sounds like an absolute pain. you had a small one?
Thats great advice we must outwork everyone and ascend to greatness!
randomcbosh must go until green
I had parrot fish and my sucker fish always died to idk why. its so hard to keep it clean especially without the suckers
god damm sparkle in the sea of pfps you have blinded me 
sheesh that looks nice ryngtchln
never had it is that a leaner cut of pork?
actually On my way! for some grub i think
Oh? Youre referring to meka right?
very much hyped and they havent even started giveaways  yet!
awh man that sucked sad to let them fishies goo
Hyxder question sushi or sashimi what do you prefer
man yall really like pork! not my fav at all
so fire bro u making want some now 
I respect the dedication but we have plenty of time! The snapshot isnt anytime soon dont worry! And theres so many whitelist spots to give 
ive never had pork knuckles either. wonder how it tastes
Sashimi with a bit of lemon hits diff but i usually prefer sushi
hahaha when you said stay hard i instantly thought about david goggins i love watching him! he is very motivating
Omo its actually quite nice to see many people replying to others here 3
Yep! But the crispy skin is the dealbreaker here!
ah yh those suckerfish are cool no clue about fishes in general tho
roast pork knuckles with a drizzle of black berry sauce glaze over the fats and a side of bacon mate
Yeah its awesome! such a great community already with such small members
I think CW will be a league of its own depending on how we build this community. A project can have the best roadmap but good project deserves good community
were not here to put down other projects man i think both are nice projects
yep hes the hardest man on the planet
same here i like throw in the sashimi every now and then 
PREWISH  whaa you never heard of sashimi  its just raw fish sushi
sashimi gets old quick. Need that seaweed and rice
I believe its raw fish you can usually get it at sushi places
its basically sushi grade fish like salmon tuna eel etc
Thats right i cant wait for the giveaways to pop off 
i cant believe some of the feats he has accomplished he is a crazy man that is for sure
randomcbosh but only 200 for active I think
My convo above wasnt abt CW fyi haha
AzyanDraws check this out roadmap
Nah nothing about putting other projects down. Just comparing with similar project
Id love some sashimi right about now
Bro I love sushi but my friends never wanna come with me 
yeah but getting sashimi from a good ole place will have that thang melt in your mouth i ate from a fancy restaurant before and man it literally just melts in your mouth lol 
mitchel  get some its the best 
Damnnnn thats sick what is that suppose to be?   
come to canada we get sushi espz
as long as its fresh my friend 
you do them or thats on you? if you do tattoos it looks really good
If i get 100 likes I will consider getting a tattoo of CW  that I own in the future and will post it here how about that
that is sickkkkkk bro. when you get ripped itll look even nicer
I got sushi here too come eat some with me  nicolelodeon def dont eat gas station sushi laugh
On me bro hahaha but my friend is the artist and he does this also
bro what with the social distancing vibes thats rough. im always down for sushi sheesh
yuppp smells so much better than stinky ass 91 LMAOO
Oh 100 you can tell when its not fresh too its nastyy
i mean a lot of normal sushi restaraunts are mehh
hmmm i like several fishes but i like  ALL of it haha its that amazing  hbu
ryngtchln  sick tat really like the seperated jesus  kinda giving my cyber punk vibes
Damn he got some serious talent holy 
gotta put that wasabi in your mouth always!
Whats the difference between the cave and the cave 2this chat?
I must use the bathroom I will be back 
True hopefully we will have one soon!
he got insane art and fire ass tatt bro
bojangles help dolce asleep rn but i want to pat him
My wife is from the Philippines! We got married there too cuz most of her family is there! 
that is so damn nice. now i want a tattoo
wow i truly love this community congrats to all new whitelisters 
Absolutely I have a really good one at my city but once I went to a diff place and was very disappointed
they keep teasing it sure we will 
omg yeah wtf i like seeing more money in my wallet but market is so bearish
awh man im not a big fan of wasabi haha im scared of that stuff its way to strong for me ill throw in that ginger tho to reset my tongue pallete lol 
kennayyy  fish is top tier aint nothing can go wrong with that 
nicolelodeon  community here is amazing growing pretty quick too and thats all thru organic growth
Hopefully we can have more than 1 winner this time  
have a good number one or number two!
damn thats pretty cheap compared to the Bay Area LOL ours is 4
facts i need nft market to pump
do NOT wake up the cat or we will have problems
are you mixing a tiny bit with soy  ?
you guys bullish on the nft market?
yeah some sits out to much.. sketchhh
yuckkkk... i remember when gas was half that price even e85 lol.
hell yeah smells like corn haha NateDawg yeah im in NJ i couldnt imagine cali prices
Still not helping for me.... My friend could eat it as it is
its been some rough couple weeks
The aesthetic of this art is top teir
whole fish cooked yeah those be so good ive recently had butter fish and that just hit different
Wei of course soy sauce always in there never forget the most important part
do you know why its been so high?
I heard youre not meant to mix wasabi with soy. v1 dude butter fish is SOO good
yeah gas is tax here e85 is usually cheaper though
that sounds so good right about now living with myself i stopped eating fish like that besides salmon
your friend is crazy kek  usually its at least mixed but some soy alone is nice too.
yeah its so sad  needs to chill. I spend so much per tank in my truck now.
the right way is to use soy suace sparingly and wasabi too
wow joker.. i like joker character
about to draggy this shit see what its running caleb
You made yourself or what!  sick!
Hahahahaha yeahh ikr... I cant even stand with the smell
i suggested it like 3 times but oh wells i want a food gaming and a gaming channel
Your created this fan art? Give this man a WL right now this is wild
then im very misinformed and i stand corrected 
I actually dont know... Also we all need to make sure to get up and stretch eat drink and make ourselves active just a little bit so we can support each other even more. Les. go! wlcclfg
I am sure we will soon. We are early!!!
man butter fish was introduced to me and i was hooked that thing had me in awe of words LOL literally melted in my mouth like nothing 
kennayyy hey treat yourself out haha get some sushi 
Wei  you already know sauce to compliment everything lol 
HENRY thecave2  the best cave cause we VIP and food channel 
dont fill with e85 though if you see it ahaha your car needs the right modifications to run it
I love checking out fanart memes there is some great art there
Dont worry i made the suggestion guys! We got this!
Methodson Wanna see my fan art too?
mmmmm food channel for sure!  good suggestion
not too bigh of a fan myself of wasabi only soy is good enough for me
sushi is so expensive right now lmfao i dont have the funds like that to spend on sushi
i feel like a sports channel would be nice too
Yes dude Im all for the community and the talents you have to offer! Love to see it buddy
tummysalumi there us a sports channel
yupp i saw brother what u rocking tonight the rs3?
NateDawg ethanol 85 its a type of gas
Yeah i just wanna mint for free 
Yeahh soy is liquid gold for me...everything in my life have soy in it
I am drawing CW related art work now for halloween
oh my bad i meant a fitness channel
yeah sushi is more on the expensive side lol wish we can buy sushi with crytto haha even then if you want good sushi your gon have to pay a good amount
tummysalumi  its already been done we have a sports channel right here sports
haha yes thats not a bad one either 
ahh I never seen that at gas stations I go to
wow we have some great artist in here
Well i am an asian . I am from indonesia
Fitness channel would go crazy we all getting swole here 
its usually rare around us to see e85 but there are some stations in the bay
ayyy nice i dont live in asia but grew up with the food so all the same
ah i see whoever made that is crazy!
facts. i could spit calisthenics knowledge left and right
yo i always like art like that its sick  is it posted in fanart  would love to give it some love in there
kennayyy nah sadly im not  wish i got into those meme coins early my brother in law mentioned it earlier this month but i didnt wanna buy another doge 2.0 lol
personally not a fan of the gold tbh
Sheeesh that would be dope my friend
its everywhere where i live. Well at least one every 510 miles
yeah e85 is rare here too we drive like 40 min away
kaiju looks llike wyverns lowkey
Ohhh well asia is the best!!! Asia ftw!!!!
cool bro. love your indomee and nasi goreng
same here i didnt think itll go up like that its so dumb haha
if you want a tat sure! congrats on greenlist btw 
Green name here i come how we feeling bout this project?
Hey hey how you doin? We chillin. How is your night? or day? 745pm for me. BTW anyone from Seattle here? eyes
literally nobody exepcted it  and elon even decided to pump it for fun my posting his dog LOL so crazy how elon can really affect the market in such a way
congrat son getting green my friend
Wow you know indomie? Hahaha yeah its a must have on every househol
this project is dope. probably one of the better ones I have seen so far
amazing community behind too!!!
I had a 350z that was fbo but i blew the engine being a cool guy swinging and drifting LMAOO but im on a commuter now luh honda
of course  this is going to be an awesome project.
hes not a force to be recon with
wow this chat is going insane! love you all
Thanks Broly!!! HENRY Thanks my frog friend! randomcbosh much love man 
nicolelodeon Yessir this is going to be huge!
oh ssssheeesh i been lowkey wanting a 350z but rn i got my eyes on a supra or type r civic
yeah i think entire project is for WL only
me too brother i hope we both do 
Yeah man me too this project looks awesome
hell no dude doesnt mess around lol straight up went on SNL and said doge was useless he made so many people lose money that day haha everyone was expecting doge to moon after that but nope down it went and it never go back to what it was
well all get it if we just genuinely love the community so dw!
yeah very live lol looks like it keeps switching both ways!
i agree  hope i can get in before the weekend!
definitely. Im excited for this
nm bro just had some good lunch
lest go for a place in those 200 guyssss
not much we just straight vibing
I hope we can all make it in this VIP cave chat 
stay away from 350z LMAOOO stay away from nissaninfiniti scene check engine is ur best friend
jtp12 thats cool af a lot of car people i know would kill to live with e85 stations all around
i never knew that thats pretty foul of him wtf.
Oow u make me feel special aawyeah
cave 2 the best cave lol cave 1 dont got nothing on us 
kennayyy  lmao he didnt do it on purpose tho  i think hes just stating his opinions about it but his opinion affects the whole market haha
gl bro just gotta keep engaging
gas is worth for this one thogood job man
We will man so many chances left  legit 1000s
damn hella of us are exvq owners LMAO
Thats a fact we will get it by being loyal members here 
Yeah man bigtime! whats your collection looking like 
yup theres literally thousands of spots to go around as theres only 110 WL of now so everybodys chances in here is pretty high
just stay active and give organic conversations. thats the best way
blew my g37x block up they replaced for free haha
I believe so. Youve been here forever G thanks for hanging in there
Soon as game is over fam Im hitting the hay
yes just have to have good vibes and help people  you are here arly
hydrolocked mine haha had front mount intakes on 
ey thank you homie we just trying to vibe it out and build this community
Hell yeah im having so much fun here with my fellow thecave2 members!
Yall are the best in the west for reall! nicolelodeon lets goooo!
if you have been truly grinding then you will make it
Have you guys seen this? Biggest nft sold loool!
Which CAVE is the BEST?? 1 or 2?
i actually loved it. it was a fully loaded g37x sedan all blacked out 2013.
I feel that Im interested to see their roadmap play out
Haha mostly hype stuff man jordan 1s  4s and Dunk lows
same here. i hope moderators see my worth and what i can contribute to this community 
the first that came to mind  money laundering loool. how is this possible
talk about money laundering hahahaha
If you not in cave 2 you not in wyverns! Get with the times my man!
thoughty2 Yes we awill all make it 
1s are def the best model of jordans
oh no doubt i loved my 350z turned so many heads plus the trumpet sound 
crazy how they sold for that much. this is literally history in the making
i just liked my car because it was an actual luxury sedan lmao. shit was comfy af
this shouldnt even be a qeustion LOL cave 2 of course
fluxray  yup 1s are like the pinnacle piece of the brand they look so sick too i have like mutliple 1s in my collections
me too should be nice if it all goes well hope we dont get hacked
Fugazzi  Mochas Obsidians Turbo Greens Shadow 1.0s and unc dunks medium curries. missing acouple pairs but mostly hype stuff
i just had the best burrito ever
yesssir pure positivity in here
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  stop being a mean
it wasnt a sale  the guy coded a smart contract to buy a punk in the middle of a flash loan for arbitrage he literally bought the punk from himself lol
just ran a 9.89 with passenger 
some money laudering going on lol
oh i turned my thing into a lil drift thing LOL gutted it and all
fireeeee good stuff. you got for retail?
put it in fanart would love to spam emoji it
sounds fun af to be honest haha
yeah all for retail the shadows were a present and paid really low for mochas on release but every pair i got is for retail. got a handful of sb dunks too like chicagos and atmos
anyone listen to weeknds new song with swedish house mafiaa
This is so cute.. Make sure share it kn Twitter with cosmicwyvernNFT
dang. ur blessed ik most ppl pay resell or bot  backdoor nowadays
Get into it man! If you get pairs for retail you dont want you can sometimes flip for a profit
Its flash loan he sold it to himself lol
insane prob will be a 9.4 no passenger
wow thats nuts. I want a ram TRX so bad. idc about fast cars just want that truck
its so hard to get the pairs for retail
I bot a lot but usually just to make profit got 150 pairs at the moment all for sale lol
You outside my man? What do you see tonight!
Very well i forgive u wont release my wyvern on u
only if we could gaze at the stars in the sky
We big chillin here love thecave2 
i got to test drive in one off road was amazing!
Facts the lowkey cave but still dope.
is this Super Duper MEga ultra Rare?
whole day in this discard while doing shit like youtube wbu?
Im in the basement and its mad cold was outside for a bit tho
Hey guys Im really heading off for now! Talk to you guys soon 
If you have any important questions feel free to dm or ping me I will be going through all of them when I wake upezpepe hugheart
Help yo boy out! I want some WL to get sleep 
same been on discord for so long not very productive at work
Grinding while listeing to crypto news
hell yeah ! hope all goes well and you get it
Thats tough you layered up? Got no heat?
Before you leave drop some random WL to keep the hype up!!
hes hiding from you go find him 
i really appreciate that  you have a great evening
superwasheddevil you got to get that WL somehow right xD?
yeah its a music festival in new york!
Ive been doing this for 12 hours  please give me WL
oh boy how was the concert i heard it was meh dont tell me a repeat from last year lol
i love swedish house mafia have u heard his new song with the weekend?
is this true bojangles? i thought we were frens bro
facts! so yeah lets keep grinding
I am officialy will be here others than cave 1
Would love a good youtube rec lmao need content always
youll never get it by asking my man
they have a section about security in their faqs we should be chillin
Watch them movie recaps they lit if you got little time
Just hangout with us and chill heartlove It will come with time! Asking wont help my friend!
Facts just have fun with each other 
no time to watch movies when in nft space
choosers not beggers lol just keep on being active and engage with the community and sooner or later you will be whitelisted everybodys here working towards it
superwasheddevil no grinding here just people vibing and having fun in the community
ooh sick hows the concert with corona and all and what kind of music do they host? 
superwasheddevil yup grind on brother
yeah once server got hacked so much FUD it really screwed up the project
Im starting to fall asleep bro 
there you are you didnt answer the question bro.
Keep have faithactive and spread positivity vibes bro wyverns see all LFG !!!!
it was p meh honestly LMAO its so cold too . its a rap themed concert and they require samw day testing or vaccination!
Also hope 1 mode awake all the time
This is not the way brother just gotta relax and enjoy the chatting experience 
ehhhh ive seen a couple lfg spammers here and there
might have to take another mental break lol heads hurting from chat again
bad idea good for anyone looking to make some money off their stock tho
New zealand shoe scene in georgia must be doing well?
hahaha are you talking about the hack?  Im glad we back to normal tho basically and getting everyon back there money. Or nost of it anyways.
Seen a few projects that got hacked and moon tho.
I thought we were more than friends.
Yeah take a rest for  a while bro... Green name will wait for you
ah like that good that the requirements for entree are like that. some famous rappers or some upcoming ones?
always good to take breaks stay safe man  
j know i know i need to! but green on my name would just look so nice.
you should FB stock is looking bullish the research is there its low risk
o wow thought ud be in the states but yea big community here. wb over there?
Yeah you dont have to be here for hours at a time come back every now and then 
NZ scene dead honestly everyone wants mids and lows
yeah those people aint gon make it  the mods might end up catching em or something not much we can do about it
IYKYK Clean  hey dont wear yourself out by chatting in here be sure to take breaks ebvery now and then
Yeahhh i agree hahaha but still a lot of spots yoi have to calm down a bit i guess hahaha
Yea lol  everyone gonna get everything lol
i made some garlic noodles with shrimp was fye af
wow what is that? that looks really good
yea true lmao hopefully they all get axed
RYU namanam v1  yes for sure. probably will come back in an hour and see how vibes are
nooo i wish bro thats pork right??
i just ate some spanish food it was so good
yeah man we make a lot of money flipping mids and lows haha
Are you in the WL for bearx mate?
Man u making me jelouse and hungry lol
i feel so bad for the people that got scammed...
Pretty sure they still gonna moon
aawyeah aawyeah 861687609490276382 aawyeah 
thats dope! maybe easier than the hype releases
yeah super fire had pulled porrk for lunch tho haha
wow is that fried pork strips? I love those
We still manage to sell a lot of hype pairs we managed to get 30 pairs of seafoams and 13 pairs of shimmers which was an insane cook
Im in it too I  just wondering cuz I like hearing peoples perspectives regarding how the team dealt with the hacks aftermath
IYKYK Clean  yea dont beat yourself over too if you lose a lot in rank  can always come back and get right just chat and have fun with it  dont think of it as a grind
Anyone wanna teach me how to cook
Unless eth heads to 5k 6k territory
they are getting paid back out of the pockets of the other white listers so no worries
Yes I am. I wasted my entire soul in there. Took a day off from work like actually used PTO KEKW and I ended up sending like 44 messages an hour over 9 days. NEver doing that again
Yeah heading to 7.5k sooner or later
ooo yea thats what I meant  those are soo good
actually been checking those whitelisted. 
they have huge message count but most of them are kinda spammy
appreciate all the support yall
youtube is a good teacher I think
I only be cooking and eating chicken
really? so bearx not gonna make any profit
Ah man I hope nft projexts will adjust their prices accordingly when eth goes up
theyre going to make profit lmaoo
i make a mean omelet lmfao maybe some chicken rice and vegetables but thats all im good for lol
i hope they are getting paid back asap i would hate to get scammed
they will definitely be over .5 eth ea lmao
Man thats rough I got lucky and was quick enough filling out the trivia google form
Any cooking YouTube tutorial channels yall recommend
BearX should still do well I reckon
yup no worries my guy hope to cya again later
ico ooooo i love omelets bruh them aare always so good what you only know how to make omelets LOL
The thing is tho I do feel bad in a way but also there were SOOO many red flags. There were no mods they were kicked channels were deleted channels locked announcement going out every 5 seconds mint price and amt were different and many more. Like....  But raised the mint price to get their money back. heartlove
they are they increased mint price so they dont have to pay it themselves lol. HENRY kinda greedy of them but ohwell kek
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  especially people that minted more than 3 pure greed
basically lmfao my pan flipping skills are off that charts no one can compare
yea they should do good sucks that their server got hacked
boiled some yellow noodles from the asian market  cooked the shrimp in the pan then minced minced up some garlic and sauted it then i threw in oyster sauce fish sauce and a lil bit of sesame oil and the noodles last finished with a lil bit of lemon and parmesan on top
Yeah man feel bad for everyone whos out of pocket because of it but they made an announcement saying itll get paid back
Wow this is dedication man. I am sure you will be rewarded!!!
just gotta slap some spinach on that
wow thats kinda messed up to do it like that wtf they making people pay for the admins mistakes
spinach omelets just hit different tbh
but not much people know that tho when a user just suddenly wakes up and checks discord and see that a bot makes public sale life its believeable to those new to nfts  most people new to nfts just go straight to buying
ico youre gonna have to post a video lol id love to see that 
frostyflakes  better than cave 1 where you have 50 people spamming different things lol in here you can actually have a convo with others
Hot sauce goes great on so many things 
has anyone played new world yet
pretty much yeah greedy ppl tbh since they also have secondary market profits from fees they couldve paid it from their own pockets instead
There were a lot of red flags but if the project wanted to regain their credibility then they had to refund the ppl who got scammed because at the end of the day it was the teams fault and they should take accountability. Glad were raising mint prices to compensate those who got scammed tho
aawyeah aawyeah 861687609490276382 aawyeah aawyeah 
yeah more convos here than cave 1
yea that is true you kind of expect to trust the announcements so it throws people off when its a scam
yeah? havent got a chance to touch it yet
Oh yeah for sure and I can see that side of it as well. But idk at least for me if I am gonna mint something I would have followed just at least a little bit of it and not thrown thousands of dollars at something with a lot of red flags. Like I understand your point but idk...I hope you know what im saying KEKW BUT we are refunding them so we all good.
i watched my friends play takes 2 hours to grind 1 lvl 
Why is every server getting hacked these past few days
can we get a giveaways or triviaquiz
For sure also better to keep up
Yeah its crazy. Hope you r g bro
Zeratul Id like to know that yoo
congrats on congratulating the congraduate
Hackers have been getting more clever bro
Just wait brother its just 2 days since this channel born
man tbh the chance of them refudning everybody is a slim chance to none only project ive seen do it was creature toadz and that was because the hacker refunded them all of it lol 
BoNFT  yeah esp when its from announcements where you least expect it and when its coming from a mee6 bot
Dachshundwizard  Twitch   oh is it true that everybody who got scammed will be compensated?
Man idk but big server gots hit 
Feels like a group hitting them
everybody shhh wyvern master is back  havent seen him since the morning
No we already decided to refund them  the WLers took a vote and we decided to raise the mint price from .035 to .05 so we can get back MOST of the money.
i feel like that might affect their community as a whole. bearx might brick because of this but idk
true where you live? nyc is mad cold rn
Bro usually 5k means nothing for other projects.... But this 5k make the chat looks like 90k
bro im straight freezing in my room. city temp hit diff
Yeah nobody stops here love it haha
thanks man i spent like 5 mins writing all of that kek
Yes. We raised the price of the mint to raise money to give back funds that were lost by the scam.
Its been raining here as well. Awful weather lol
I agree Id like to see the team use some of their money to fully compensate everyone. They own a project at the end of the day and its up to them to take accountability they would make it back anyways after the mint price was raised
this hack or the secondary fees? because secondary fees will be there regardless like all the other projects.
RYU namanam because these 45k ppl are mostly legit with no invite competition and its only day 2 so im sure it will increase
Organic things are really much better
awh i see hopefully they pull thru with their plan and refund everybody its hard to come back from that and its kinda fishy idk using sales to refund everybody cause nobody knows if theyll actually pull thru with it
vegasm  sick drawing ive seen you pumping out a lot of artwork i hope your posting them in fanart  would love to show some love
bojangles  yup were just gonna have to see tho maskbyte and had the same plans in mind
Well guys Im giving up on the top 200.  My kids and work just keep me away too much.  Good luck
when are we gonna be able to mint i we 200 top?
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  bojangles you guys founders of bearx?
Its cos we are wyverns fams every1 excited on this project 
no no  I wish! KEKW We are both just on the WL after losing my soul...
thats the dev read up in roadmap
Yeah no invite makes everything better hahaha and no lfg and wahmi here
LOL I wish. tummysalumi theyll be fully compensating everyone?
I will stay in chat but end the grind
2 days is enough to bring us to 5k strong 
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  yes ur here to lose it again lol
ahhh big congrats!!! how do you think it compares to wyverns?
In whitelistinfo they have more information but theyre going to screenshot the top 200 at a random time and those will get WL. but if youre just active you have a chance of getting WL
LMAO it might seem like theyre the founders but i think theyre just part of the community in it
Kuri  hes one of the admins in here
Dachshundwizard  Twitch   thanks for the informatiuon great to know i left the discord a while back but good to hear that the team is trying to come back from this
haha those discords are fun in their own way. hours of lfg and wagmi
can you explain me that please bro
haha yeah im joking but I spent so much time in that discord like every waking moment. It was torture KEKW
Hows that bearx project? good? or rug pull
Take easy my friend just enjoy and keep vibing
AirWolf not particularly but designated survivor is great if you are interested in government and the shooter is my all time favorite netflix series you should check it out
now youre gon spend time in here with us haha welcome welcome !!! great to see others from other communities coming together
you can still get picked out by mods if you are helpful and standout! dont give up
Im sure theyll be able to do decent still. All it matters is how they take it from here
Yo nice BAYC btw. I am jelly AND happy for you. 
idk how it will recover after what happened
oh cool.  i thought it was limited to the top 200 grind
im not from anywhere cold but I actually would like to move out to where its colder or rains more
Will check it out. Been watching the show YOU
Oke bro. Best of luck hope u get wl some other way
anyone watching ufc this saturday
yeah he really does have a nice BAYC! Shawnx2  it is not they also pick random people!
its okay there are so many other opportunities!
you is sold wild but i couldnt finish season 3
Thing is if it was public mint Id be a little more worried but since its presale only most ppl on it will still want to buy
I appreciate it yo! Thank you heartspingreen 
nicolelodeon  nice name. I miss that network ArthurCry
i just read about teh wl thanks
yh it will be hard but if the art is right they will hype up regardless
how cold is it over where u are?
tummysalumi thats what i like to hear
its gonna do well forsure hardworking team and community! the organic growth is crazy
such perfect weather this weekend here where i live!
i might have binged it too quickly. i was so annoyed of the characters by season 3 i couldnt realliy handle this guy jjst letting his addiction run loose all the characters started making me upset and so i just stopped watching it
Yup likely only those who are confident and passionate about the project! Which is good
You rly dont wanna lose that top1 heh love to see it
Missed out on kaiju im not missing out on this one
you number 1 while im struggling to hit 200 kekw
broski was rude to me so now am not givin a chance
not sure how organic bearx is but it sure grew fast
same here bro it will be my first mint hope to get it
do you take cold showers cause those be the best feeling
Brausoto  yup also i hope you read the part where theyll randomly select thos randomly from the chat to be WL if theyre active and friendly with the community
perfectwizardbs hell yeah a perfect balacne but cave 2 is far better lol 
Loui  same delay as every other channel 1 min
big facts kaiju discord was off right before the drop I was so sad
me either this group is booming!!
No 1 can rest until snapshot i guess hahaha
v1 cold showers suckkkk until you get out and you feel amazing
yeah that one wasnt as organic cause they had inv comps! did you get in bearx whitelist?
Good luck man! We can make it bro!
Yup gets rid of a lot of paper hands. Plus every big project has its story before minting eh
was close but nope their contests bugged out for me kek
what were the other nft stories that made it pop off?
cave 2 is where all the sexy people are xD
Yeah agree... Cant wait for mint date hopefully my name will be green before that
its actually called the VIP cave here because we are just beter than cave 1
no no inviterank competition mate
its starts to be 80 degrees in april and 90s in may til end of september sometimes LOL but then its chill like 7060 the rest of the time
not paper handing this at all. Staking tf out of t
pls dont talk about kaiju they grabbed the first 700 supportes i think  and i was like in the 800s i was super early in the didscord but it still wasnt enough  i really wanted a kaiju too 
ico  man exactly even after a hot ass shower youre gon feel cold regardless lol 
perfectwizardbs  yeah cave 1 feels less genuine more convos going on in here and cave 2 
HENRY  i forgot we are the VIP 
yeah man same thing with me the invs were glitched out and i never got in terrible they got hacked
HENRY damn you still here bro? been seeing u here all day
whoa thats super nice we about to start getting cold here in socal
Same bro same kennayyy gl bro theres still a bunch of spots
also future whitelisters are in cave 2 
i was there too late. that was like my second nft that i looked at. and how can you forget about the vip cave DDD
man you are killing it on these responses!
i just failed bcs their discords literally didnt allow my post bcs of the amount of ppl. probably too many bots or something since it wasnt sure what it was untill the end
pepeshock lets goo aawyeah aawyeah
I use to take cold showers after every workout but havent been working out much recently KEKW 
pain high 90s100s110 in july and august tho lol
u are sexy but u ar not girl for what ?
yeah forsure saw it grow like 50k in a day lmao had to be alot of bots
we got an admin back on!! Keep your eye out on giveaways . PREWISH  its true!
oh wow if thats your second nft must be very new lol  i magine getting introduced to kaijus as a 2nd nft is amazing
jtp12  im just tryna get back to everybody lol. its tough but manageable with the cool down
caleb tbh. ive been taking hot showers cause its winter here in cali lol  it just feels too god
for sure. i believe its possible
Hey i see you joined in on the thecave2 fun 
keep it on the low usually online!
organic as hell kek   art looks nice tho so ill see how it ends up
dang yeah thts super hot hahaha
come on guys go to sleep and let me go up in that rank lol
SPIDERKid  great! egg tart great to see you back
lmk what you guys think! thinking about adding a different background to fit the NFT vibe httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862605903483316429279262
Heh I sure hope so. More greens in Cave 2?
facts bro were basically building our own community in here
you can do it  200 top is a lot! plenty of time
yup the organic growth is the best part about this community
Brausoto  lmao haha im sure youll be able to climb the ranks easily if you stay active and engage every so often
hahah ya man art does look sick tho cant lie i love the pixel art nfts !
What project? I can see discords of 80k due to invite comp
Love to see people recognizing this as the superior cave 
GM brooo lets keep lvl up together
this server doesnt need invite comp to get to 80k imo 
im gonna be here till i see myself on that top 50
just doing some accounting hw rn. you?
Im almost there just gotta grind some more at 250 rn
same and im pretty close so maybe top 25 
oh we were laughing about bearx its 50k in 1 day before a whitelist
Ryu Vibe yup and i think most do as those are usualy the ones that pop off
Im see many new faces around here Im loving it! Welcome welcome everyone!
Hehehe not happing bro atleast not for the first week
man discords like that or pojects are not gonna make it so many fake people inactive in those projects big discord numbers dont mean anything nowadays
Brausoto yup keep that attitude up i believe in you just keep at it 
BoNFT  keep it up i been seeing you often im manifesting your green is next
phone is about to die and im not at my computer uh oh
im just trying to get to know everyone in the community better tbh
Oh i see. And they got hacked. Tsk tsk. JF was hacked as well.
Haha has. No paper hand only those who believe in the project please!!
im in cali as well im close to sacramento and it gets hella hot here in the summer compared to like sf
BoNFT yeah its stupid hot i stay inside a lot of the summer til night usually LOL
thanks PESHeart  Youre here everytime I hop in the chat youre def getting in
damn u almos there bro im still 345 lol but ill be here till 23 am lol
did you like the kaiju art? i wish i had one
still got plenty of spots and times 
what type of accounting are you learning right now?
Dont be shy show off that desk boy!!!
Possible 1.5ETH lets team up and show them what this project is all about guys! Maybe mods post a twitter raid?
Boss NFT Promoter BossNFTPromoter
1.5ETH to mintsweep some floors. Any suggestions?
yh it seems some get hacked through bots not sure how ppl their discord got hacked tho..
Ryu Vibe yh i do i was so close to getting one too
Yeepp chill out and enjoy the vibe hehehehe
Anyone dressing up for Halloween
thank you  im addicted to this discord. love it
Im in Oakland its usually pretty moderate out here but its been getting hotter
I have seen projects that has difficulty in selling out due to fake supporters. Not just because of gas
Honestly im becoming pretty addicted too  
So many chill peoepl in thecave2 
tummysalumi Chegg is really the mvp 
yeah im going to keep going im almost top 50 rn
Exactly! We all going to make it!!
chegg and 1 other 1 i forgot abt
sick where ya get the desk from i always like to build things when i get em from ikea
caleb  yup im in the same area hell yeah it gets so hot here in sac its crazy but so cold during the winters
BoNFT  glad to see you tho everytime i here
cassie07  exactly projects like those dont get anywhere i think a project heavily relies on its community if its gon do well
yeah idk what i would do without it
Brausoto agreed a lot of great people to talk to
yeah moving more inland it gets hot as hell in the summer still terrible in the bay too sometimes for summers
Not at all cause they strong and they fly
Just having some beers and chilling how are you
Yes seems like we are getting a lot of new joiners. Exciting!!
redbull help me tonight to get into 200 top pleaseeee
chegg is deadass the goat they helped me so much throughout college lol
sadly no i only play DOTA 2 haah
think that project will probably still grow more
nahhhh its just a standing desk
damn u used chegg like that too?
yeah i gotta go but ill get it when i get back
bojangles chill vibes . doing great mate thanks
hey hows it going great to see you here again always reminding me of my sold doodle 
Brausoto  just chat away be active and engage with the community  dont think of it as a grind itll tire you out
yh maybe. looks good so as long as they keep the project running good it will be hard
I have also noticed that ones who are successful are supported by blue chip groups like Kongz. They got alpha
yeah when i was back in school! i used it all the time
lovely broo whay about a bluntt lol
i never was in the discord how is the community pretty good?
cw jeez probably not define good
I used to play it but met a toxic team so taking a break lol
i joined too late to give a good opinion about it but it sure was as active as this discord
Im low on weed about to roll me a joint
yes i dont quite like it tbh not flaming you guys but i prefer Dota
I suggest you get the phunks pfp. In that way youll be real. It got history with decentralization and
Im gold 3 anyone wanna queue up?
yeah following big alpha groups is a big plus but sometimes theyre not always right lol but most of time they know what to get in 
MoneygettinQuentin  project looks insane be sure to check out the roadmap and sneakpeek
Kristopher Lukas good hbuBrausoto  puff puff pass
thats good man this project gonna be sick im stoked
imm valo player looking for a boost to radiant llol
yea thats what my friend said too haha
dota too hard for a casual league player
so am i and since we are early i think we are going to make it this time
you are so god damn right bro thanks for the advice
ah valorant. i peaked immortal 3 in that game
tummysalumi holy crap youre insane
this project is gon be more than sick lol def gon go far for sure community and project looking very solid so far
Wei your def gon make it  project is still in its early stages  and only about a hundred hjave been whitelisted
yeah i hope so! we are pretty early what rank are you at rn ?
Bayc is deeply rooted with alpha info as well. You must have maximized your profits from being BAYC member
same hit imm 3 like 3 seasons ago. wanna boost me?
is it ? i have no idea haha but LoL is more to technical skills i felt most skills are not targetable it allows you to better judge the movements of enemy. thats how i felt from the short experience in LoL haha
Looks amazing thanks checking it out now
yooo pass it haha i just took a few dabs. prob go for a few more sooon .
im rank 185 so in the range atm but 1 sleep and im out so gotta keep going 
that right there is a savior lol people who always share chegg were goats but chegg has cracked down lately on shared accs lol chegg was so clutch during college
Brausoto yup hope to see you here just have fun 
I would but I dont think we can queue up together since there is such a big skill gap
im playting that right now haha
tummysalumi  peaked immortal 3 in val thats insanity
nah micro play is a lot harder in dota than it is in league
i will buddy what about that ape it it yours?
ye when i couldnt lend the account to people anymore i could still help people if the5y send me the chegg link
yeah especially with the concept of kiling ur own creep to cancel
yup i believe i should make it with how early i am atm
PREWISH kek say that to kishu ill go ham but not that ham
sheesh i wish you good luck in your game!
they gave me this in s7 for hitting chally lol
i feel that bro im literally right with you lost a bunch cause i had to work today! sucks but imma grind back up there tonight
Hahaha didnt he go like 40 hours ? Lol
v1  any other info you got with this project that currently not publicly available? I have a bit of info regarding the team but havent really made a deep dive research
thank you grinding out the battle pass right now
awh not much but the gaming aspect and 100 whitelist sale already got me hooked ill be sure to update you with any information i find
its been quite a while since i last touched LoL
Am starting back at Dota i stopped 6 months ago haha
will need to recalibrate my rank
yup real easy to get kicked out but you are still in top 200 right so you good
PREWISH yh really went 40 hours straight. crazy as hell havent done that in ages
Yea the gaming aspect is something different alrwdy
PREWISH whered you get your username btw?
121 right now thought i was a little more towards 200 but i think if i sleep ill prob lose my top 200 spot
its too much of a commitment for a casual palyer like me unfortunately 
dota still have bigger prize pools for tournaments than League?
the challenger jacket they gave out one season was pretty cool too
as of right now you can check whitelistinfo  but theres other chances as well like being active and engaging with the community and youll be hand  selected by one of the mods to be whitelisted
SPIDERKid hey welcome to the community if anything you can use the language channels down below
tbh with that rank i think you will stay within 200 if you start after you wake again
Man crazy maxed i did was 27 hours 
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  its a secret 
its the only game i played seriously haha
yuuup im gonna try and get to like under 100 tonight gonna be tough tho
Not worries use google translator
Just enjoy and keep vibing mate
that reminds me of bdo if you know what i mean. did you start playing it bc of shroud ? lmfao
Thanks my man. Yeah the gaming aspect made me ape in and go long with this proj. Our convictions might be solidified when they release more info
well see what happens! im probably not gonna sleep for a little while anyways so i should be chillin D
thats really cool purple is my favorite color im very impressed
oh that was setuks drawing thats nice
yeah. that was the previous season i got challenger. wish i got that too
wish i were talented at games like you
yh 40 is truly crazy we getting old sadge  used  to be able to stay awake for way longer
fluxray just chill with us and time will pass fast
Nice art bro. Make sure to tag them on twitter with the correct hastags
wow congrats challenger what did you play
yup im excited to see more sneakpeeks too coming from the project
vegasm  sick art once again love the witch vibes i hope you win a whitelist spot for all this art youve been doing
yessir thats what ive been doing all day 
what is the last movie of the hunger games
Hows the people of cave 2 doing rn 
same man must be built different if he is challenger AND immortal 3 like whattt im just a lowly plat noob
Lmao i never did more than 27 so im godd haha
woah thats impressive i dont know anyone really good at video games kek
same i have been for so damn long by now kek
yo whats up! I remember we chatted yesterday 
hey were the VIP cave remember   doing good on this thursday night hows your day been
Souhate  yup im excited to see even more art and theres only been 3 teases so far i cannot wait
cw  oh yup good to see you back lets get back to where we left off lol
Bro what are the odds I have a homie that hit challenger off singed too
cave 1 definitely more wild haha
major props that champ is annoying
its mostly the same people talking luckily and its so much easier to hold convos with less people
i hate the 60 sec wait between ms lol
PREWISH i think the secret is a lot of energy drinks and i dont really drink those
damn im a hardstuck gold jungler haha
dont think of it as a hard stuck you gotr this
tummysalumi singed was op back then
cave 1 got some hectic vibes theyre chat way too quick for me to have a actual convo lol 
Brausoto  nah its actually good the 1 min cooldown prevents spammers and lets genuine convos take place if it wasnt for it youll just countless spammers
Yo I was like plat max my whole life im doodoo
ill probably make it to diamond next season at least i hope i do
what did you play? you seem like a twisted fate player
just looked up and ive been chatting for the past hour... jeez how time flies
saaame   ohwell i guess we just keep to our semi crazy sleeping schedules
yeap thats so true  1 min got it good 
you sound like a tf player that hates tahm kench
yeah forreal bro! tried to go back in there and have a convo but no one responding back with questions lmao how is ur night going
Wut you mean? Like WL? Just hangout and help others be part of the community and have fun heartlove
Lol my sleeping schedule is all screwed cos of nft
Thats whats up how long you been talking here for?
v1 haha yes I think Ive come to learn Cave 2 is better than 1 but the Chill Cave is still home D and great! Thanks for asking how about you?
Damnnnn congrats dude! That must have been tough!
youre right i hate seraphine so much shes so hot
pepelmfao sleep 6 hours grind 13 hours lol
im plat in valorant but we gonna be up there one dya
thats what im about to this for wyvern
what can twisted fate do against tahm kench? realistically what can he do
whitelistinfo  be sure to read this also the mods are actively watching and are handing out whitelist spots to those who are active and helping in the community
929  a1234  its a perfect balance honestly
Ryu Vibe my night is going great so far yeah with cave 2 you can actually talk to people lol 
Infintrus  oh yes i used to first be in the chill cave also im doing great 
Oh there is chill cave. Wyverns will make it sizzling hot. Lol
Absolutely nothing. And youre hearing this from me.
anyone got the link to the leaderboard?
Cave chat too fast. Back to the VIP room
Wei yess the only way to reach truee potential
no but can you dm me the link if you get it
i played zac jungle and mained support but i was bad 
egg tart look at what tummy said and he is challenger
Cave 2 is also great pretty cozy here
wow no way league actually sending out stuff thats sick i used to love playing league 
cw  yes here it is httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
we gon make it. its an nft term lol
well come on sometime very nice here
yuup Goodluck man! kennayyy we gonna make it
better than main chat everyone like spamming lol
cassie07 were too chill for you to warm it up 
thank you boss you fosho gonna make it
things are much more enjoyable here my friend
Gotta say the chat here much more chill 6hrs ago
Oh word I think thats pretty cool I was an adc main jhin jinx caitlyn all the good stuff
tahm kench reminds me of someone i know! someone who likes to eat a lothaha
Yeah2 mins there my head went crazy
Imnhere to take ur spot if u sleep too long that way u wont lose motivation pepelmfao
Dang whyd you stop playing? League is life
SPIDERKid  I would love too hopefully someday
im still going for a few hours want some leeway exp wise 
about to pull an allnighter lol
Yeah I think im comfrotable with cave 2.
jhin is fun to play i like killing people with his fourth shot XD
same to you also and everybody else in here 
Seinic  oh really yeah the chat was more chill  but its not as bad as cave 1 lol
Ytinashnid  it got too hard and everbody got too good lol or i just suck more 
Definitely the bots pop up there more often and chat moves to fast. This more conducive to chit chatchillin
agreed! feels like our own little community in here
remember to throw your Q first then 4th shot so the 4th shot does more damage
Nice nice i might go to sleep wake up early lol 
Nah youre probably challenger stop capping 
Favorite youtuberstreamer anyone????
nah make sure to throw your q and miss your w and then flash and youre not in range to aa so you ult and you miss all your ult shots haha or is that just me?
it most definite does lol our lil community in cave 2
Ytinashnid  the highest i ever got was silver 5   i wish i was challenger my team was prob holding me back
team was def holding you back your true potential is much stronger
No fav watch too many people because of nft and crypto space haha
hahaha and then you get flamed by all your teammates and then you try again and you get angry am i right Syd Rogers  ahahhaa
do your thing doubt they will already do it today so should be all good
Everyone has their own preference! Thats why theres multiple 
Thats pretty good man! League is lw toxic anyways 
How about your fave whale guys?
man league had so many trolls and toxic epople back in the day it was horrible lol if you was low rank it was gon be a tough one league was the most toxic game i ever played
Ytinashnid not even lw lol mfs were crazy on that game 
If I had to pick one my boy Mr. Charlie White aka Moist Critikal aka penguiz0
just watching some crypto videos and hanging out how about you?
kbbq sounds like it would slap rn
everyone has their own preference  haha
I like pizza rarely have pizza in my area
can you air that here to canada lol
whatcha up to right now mr syd rogers? funny name btw
korean bbq always hits 3 i peep that sneaker con shirt in the background 
bro hot pot is the bomb especially during winter
True people at my high school grinded in league bruh I dont know how they handle it 
PREWISH I am at 144  making dinner now tho KEKW
true but i grew up eating hot pot my whole life so maybe i am a bit biased
haha i think sneakercon were giving those out for free in the bay area one
Nah imma have to go with kbbq all the way 
I like crypto banter most wife changing money lol  
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  wow nice mate
Is that the facebook short videos? The young sneaker trader with his dad and sister?
fluxray nice. I need to watch some videos. I got into NFTs which got me more into crypto but now with the explosion if meme coins Im like ......should I be exploring this more? But yeah doing nothing....I worked a 12 today so just relaxing a bit
League was a straight pain in the booty  dudes were straight grinding in that game
cw ooo youre from the bay area  great to see
kucas  hot pot always hit too tho but imo kbbq  hotpot any day
The usuals up you know the vibes the usual dusual
hot pot is a lot better but i think kbbq give us more protein
Syd Rogers ahh me too the usualll
How many people from the bay area in here?
i dont know what youre talking about but if you find the video can you please share?
kbbq takes too long bro i like to eat my food asap
theres a lot more variety for hot pot i get tired of eating beef and pork and chicken if im eating for 2 hours haha
paying to cook your own food XD
yeah i feel that  ive been loading up on information since i started getting into nfts and somehow ive landed in the alt coin space
bruh I could never get into league that game just didnt feel right for me.  I tried to learn a few separate times over the years but the community is also way too toxic to beginners
Ah I missed them. Id like to visit taiwan again
Dry hot pot mad good lemme put you on
my mans is all about the gains 3 you can get all the protein you need with all you can eat hot pot haha 
tummysalumi  whhaa doesnt it take while for it to cook in the broth at hotpot too
League was good but it got boring fast
if u eat the same amount of meat its the same amount of protein
gm! where are you from? its 9pm for me lol
Good to see all these bay area folks most people in cali are just socal
yeah but only eating sliced beef at hot pot is kinda boring ur kinda forced to eat some other stuff
maybe some of the seafood stuff but the meat takes mad short to cook you can dip it in there for like 15 secs and itll be ready
catrollypolly 2 monkeyrollypolly 2 dogrollypolly 2 
We cant send links in here I guess. Im sorry its not sneakercon. Their name is sneaker hustle
DRY hot pot??? please tell us more
Favorite car everyone? We need to start a debate here
gotta put in some prawn paste or fish noodles that stuffs the bomb
Alright you got a good point there  
dry hot pot is so good!! you should try it like Syd Rogers said
are you in furballs ur name looks familar ahaha
Like they look it for you and its all served together
back to the grind after a long meeting hyg doing
Welcome back! How was the meeting bro?
guys recomend me a movie to watchhh
Congrats bro. I can see more green ones in the near future
wait Jer i swear ive scrimmed against you in val before LMFAOOOOOO
ico i want to one day buy an amg c63s
man have you ever seen BLOW? johnny depp in it such a good movie
Impolite Beamers F80 M3 or F82 M4 for sure!!!!!!
I just love beams built to be street cars
about to order some sticks again
Keep going dont worry about levels
What we putting on those sticks? 
tons of stuff handdowned dunno to rush the deliverables or to multi task lmao. gdi fomo kicking in when im out of the chat
hes probably immortal if hes talking about scriming man
Syd Rogers i dont play ranked but my team is high immortal to radiant
kucas Im not a comp player but Ive managed some teams
Syd Rogers that sounds so convenient and blessed
The alt coin space is just crazy tho. Too unpredictable to me.
check it out if youve never seen it haha
i love the M4 bro!! favorite car of all time
thank you bro best of luck to you 
yeah its really insane its pretty fun to be a part of tho
Im not a very big car guy but i like the acura integra
what happens to those who are already whitelisted but are in the top 200 ranking Flem if we are not within 200 but say 200 do we stand a chance during the snapshot
wait rly why is your name so familiar
That sucks. Life outside is tough. We all good her in the nft space bro
Not 100 percent sure but Id imagine yes
cassie07  cant go wrong with mazdas gotta go old school tho
HENRYYY  lets go m4s go so hard im currently saving to model a 328i like an m4
egg tart thats what i like to hear
prob either the chicken beef bacon mushroom fish tofu or rice cake sticks
pretty good how about yourself?
But wen lambo is still the crypto standard out there lol
Damn these sticks sound amazing i wanna try all of em 
Hell yeah i want some of those sticks now!
Im chicken and beef sticks kinda guy
i like lamb sticks the most but those sound amazing rn too
Have you seen squid game?see if you havent seen very cool series
wait what are these sticks u speak of sounds delicious
are we though haha. its kinda like a second job with all the work in socials media and keeping abreast of the security measures. so many breaches recently!
I worked in esports as a manager for a long time fortnite  a little bit val
this would make sense i hope so !
Sweet!! congrats on the WL fam!! Spoke to you earlier today. How long did it take you fam?
i legit watched all the fast and furious movies in a week and decided i was into cars when i was in hs LMAO
you wanna get sticks tomorrow like a date?
Really. Havent checked about them yet
seemeeko  whats new with youSPIDERKid Im honna check it out
Aight ima see u guys later. Good might people aawyeah 
Yup Im too chicken to go in on some of these. 
Brausoto too scared much rather go all in on jpegs lolol
how so? theyre fairly reliable theyre the less powerful 335 they look absolutely beautiful with street mods and im not touching the engine just sticking to tune aftermarket water and fuel pump nothing insane
ooof that you said they were bad thats my bad lol
Thanks brother honestly i got it when I was like rank 8... so a while i guess 
How yall feeling rn its mad late bruh
Hope to see yall in the white list soon 
ah how is it working as a manager? my manager is the GOAT for finding us all these scrims and tourneys
I made an animation for the Cosmic Wyverns community. I put it on fanart   channels. I hope everyone likes it! ! !
how you guys had bacon mushroom stick or an BING FAN mice rice ?
daamn bro like a day or two ago? you still ranked top 100?
it was a typo haha i meant arent
I just  realized that ones on me haha
congrats to all pp got wl  anw i will try my best to get there haha
Ur right we are bad bad aawyeah
Im good bro although im tired got only 4 hrs sleep.
oh nice so its been a min. I thought you were white earlier today. lol
pepeD 3 pepeCD 2 pepeeyes 2 Pepe 2 3421pepesadfriendhug 2 pepesadclown 2 1215pepechips 2 pepes 2 pepeHmm 2 pepeClap 2 pepejig 2 pepedab 2 pepeDD 2 3256pepepopcorn 2 
Still not home rn  bout to pass out
 maybe we can meet up at slander haha and then we can get some sticks after haha haha it will be like a lil cosmic wyverns date
In fortnite I worked in tier 1 for val I just helped some friends get scrims with t2 teams in beta.  Didnt have much of a real manager experience in val more of a ragtag typa thing.
oh damn. what time is it there for you?
what is with these epilepsy trigger emojis
thank you fren i appreciate it best of luck to you kinglove
Love ur spirite dude.. im okay  really sleepy atm.
perhaps i guess well see how it is tomorrow it is raining tomorrow so we gotta so if were rain checking stuff
Besides all 3.5k will be whitelisted. This is still a long way to go so there is no need to worry I guess about snapshot
Hyxder  youre a good dancer ser
go sleep bro be balance more importance that y im still lv 5 haha
hows the weather around the globe everyone? enjoying the colder rainy weather here in California
 its most definitely gonna rain tomorrow my guy unless the heavens change the directions of the cloud movement
thanks brotha same man ! been a long day  what timezone you in?
brother i am time zone agnostic lmao
Im in the bay area and I think last sunday rained all day
12 noon lunch time here bro. Im craving for some soup to slurp
anyone think knicks are gonna win it all this season?
Gonna be cold here too and rain
same it was amazing we need more of it!
Nah it was like a few hours ago 
hahah sheeesh bro how long you been up?         Robert nice! congrats
I liked the rain but there had to be a flood warning nothing too serious tho
Nice congrats on your green name !
Still early bro u can still catch up.. also dont forget to check from time to time the giveaways
That would take a little too long hmmmmm!
I was white earlier today I got the promotion a few hours ago  
yeah it is you dont wanna get caught up in these floods in times like this
It was in the 80s this week in SoCal. 1 day of rain. Then back to our regularly scheduled drought
wait dry hot pot ? what is this
this servers got the whole world in here. very nice 
wow thats surprising for around here you must be in the mountains i ahve some friends in the santa cruz mountains and the big fire there literally burnt up to their back door but not their house
PH time here.. hope youre okay too
Niceee! Congratulations man! It is still rare to see green names haha
thought it would be way worse but it was just a couple puddles
Awww cmon man how you gonna do me like that 
lmao ive been up 18 hrs exclding the micro nap i had earlier lmao . this is like the miltary with ranks and sheez
squidward the most depressing mf
downstate ny as in nyc haha crazy to see so many ny people in here
When coco has entered the chat?
where in upstate new york are you from
Yes im from Philippines. How about you?
sheeesh man you need some rest ! make sure you eating and hydrating gotta keep healthy! what are you ranked tho must be pretty high
They go green then go to sleep. Robert is the only one who hasnt left us
cant tell me u look back at spongebob and dont think mr krabs was the most depressed dude there
im in Canada so its midnight here
I live in Oakland so I dont think its very mountainous
ok so I wasnt tripping out of my mind. haha. awesome fam. youre still level 8 you said? Cardinals fan?
i actually havent seen 1 episode haha
yo u ever tried restaurant called Suko in SoLiTa?
no cap lmfao but hes still a sick breed
queens bro its the best borough no kizzy
thats because Robert is a true champ he aiming for rank 1
Yo did yalls high school got majors
A true gentleman who doesnt forget the little people
at my highest i was 180 bro now ive slipped below 200 now 223. gotta bash the way back till we make it. stay woke and watch my 6 bro
I see. I want to travel in Canada someday hehe... how is Canada now?
wife left him estranged from daughter nobody cares about him except for money betrayed his best friend allegedly killed his bretheren
Im in Staten but would move to Queens in a snap bro 
mr krabs was a bag chaser a cheap mf who cooked in silence thats why he dont reveal the secret ingredient
100  bro gotchu haha damn man when did you join? i was rank 85 last night then dropped to like 180 now im getting back up
kennayyy  lets goo brooklyn gangg nyc gangg whats goodie
damn reminding me of that theory about krabby patties bein made from krabs
thanks bro i will keep an eye on it hope u will get wl soon
For sure man! We are all going to make it!
literally 1018 hrs ago i cant remember its been a blur but ive grinded ever since the green guys have been such an inspiration
Wow are you psychoanalyzing cartoons?
cassie07 youve got a vx I feel confident you know who Im referring to.
thats what im saying brooooo its messed up
if you are from brooklyn you are kinda weird imo
uh its getting better from the pandemic but i think its still gotta be a while until everything is back to normal
are u kidding me u and kennayyy are prob not cool lol jkjk
grinding ! damn good luck bro rememebr health is wealth
tell me one thing We talk in both Cave 1 and Cave  2 can do
health can be put on hold for now hahaha ive got a good feel youre gonna make WL bud congrats in advance
its hard to have a convo in these channel tbh haha CD is too long
I saw a kid crying and I asked where his parents were
no better way to watch cartoons.  psychoanalyzing the characters tell you a lot about the writers too thinkies
Im driving and cant get my eyes off
so good i love money heist we need season 5 volume 2 out ASAP man
Same here in Philippines. Positive cases going down..
Im never leaving my comrades in thecave2 !
HENRY haha idk if i can achieve rank 1 though 
If hes aping im here 110. Good to know about it bro
haha thanks man appreciate it! hopefully you get in aswell seems like you will!
Oh I dont see him Im just hopeful. LMAO
oh man i love cinnabon. love the white cream with it as well.
is this part of the collection?
you a real one bro youre one of the pillars of the community
Hopefully we all going to be able to make it!!! We are still early I hope!
cases here have been stable for the past week and more ppl are getting vaxd so hopefully everythign will be fine soon
I too am here waiting for volume 2
Oh hell yeah! Cinnabon so good. An excuse to go to the mall.
aintnot letting this slip up missed too many shots in life WAGMI this time
But Ohtani fan i guess and he plays for the Angels  
Thanks kucas I couldnt have done it without you though 
Hell yeah where would we be without that 
forsure early bro there are more ways to make whitelast rather then just being top 200 aswell they loooking for active people
Wow looks good! Where did you find this?
Even better. Hope theres a discount code cuz Uber eats will make you broke
thank you my brother you a re a real one too
Im starving I should Uber eats something
moderators are just chaperones lol  im high
Were all real ones in the VIP cave
I got the pass it just showed up so im outtie for now take care yall Kek
bud this looks rare af with that sceptre and spy hat
Uber eats always got them discounts though 
yes you should get yourself some good fodo
Hahaha we are all in this together!
yo are u the actual owner of punk 3100?
chase a check never chase a chick
gotcha my mind tripping. looked almost like cardinals. haha. ohtani is the real thing. well see if he takes the AL MVP. its gonna be a close one with vladdy jr
maybe you can be my lucky charm when i get it like i was yours 
Dude I think none of the restaurants around me are open I may just have to venture to the fridge
Hmmm. I guess if you order out a ton might be worth. Uber eats and Postmates making so much  due to covid
you got in here super early didnt you?
nooo im a fraud. this is the first nft i saw that made me come into the game you feel me
who owns 9998 though sick sale today
yeah for sure theyre making tons. the pass can be worth it if you even order a couple times in a month lmao
Only fast food is open around me
ooo i was gonna say whys a man with a 7.5m pfp grinding for WL
Hopefully we will all be able to make it. Will be rooting for you! Lets get the green name together!!!
Idek where to go Ill check my fridge and see what I got available
Thats not too bad. We eat out more than a few times a month but then we gotta be tipping drivers
same mate lets get that sweet green name. plenty of left to get
go eat up king why you just sitting there if youre hungry!
Ill be grinding 200 if the real pfp owner grinds lol
shiii i would still be on the grind with that kind of money
do we gonna have any trivia today?
yeah thats why im going to other channels to talk haha
im bullish on your chances bro i cant stress how early you are enough
should be yh also managed to get into the top 200 so im quite positive about it 
No announcement. It can just start anytime I guess
Haha if i had this nft and sold it nft grinding would be my only job
hope it will be same time yesterday it a good time for me
How did you find out about this so early btw?
McD sounds good man suddenly im craving McD
honestly just buy like 10 genesis kongz 100 bananasday is  to 5000day
yea so many new peeps have you all heard from shamdoo
I have some cheesy bread I may whip that up
JIMEK MASTER21 yesssss tell us your source.....
I wish we could all be like that 
these guys talking about it making me so hungry rn lol
I hate how this chat is always making me crave things i craved wings pho burgers and now mcds lol. 
8BitLolitas sheesh imagine earning 5k a day
Cant even touch a baby kongz. In time
McDs Chicken Nugger are the bomb!
Need some ideas for lunch guysssss
the bull run is on its way probably around jan when crypto crashes
chat made me pregnant.. i crave all foods now
We are hitting 5000 soon! Excited about it. Hopefully there will be more slots up for grab as a way to celebrate us hitting 5000 members?
haha i couldnt eat anything when on my pc
no debate for this menu hahahaa
Is it really a cycle every January hu? I just started last sept. Have you exprienced that before?
kfc are lit as well bro you have to try that
Methodson haha chat gave me a baby
thanks a lot g !! Robert a friend sent it to me hahah
LMAO just buy 1.22k Eth in genesis kongz this is easy. 
This is easily gonna hit 10k as soon as people start fidning out
whats the secret for genesis kongz high floor. mad admiration for how tight you guys are
good luck all in upcoming giveaway 
Yeah this definitely look like the next big thing. We are early!!!
bruh he said if he had the 4.2keth pfp man get some context
Diamond hands and utility. Alpha is spot on as well
yeah do you have them in your country ?
mcd fries probably one of the best fast food ones
tight community diamond hands alpha group
pho! dayummm add to my list for the weekend
hahahaha im just blessed with great friends man..
thats awesome! good friends you got
gonna be a milestone event for 5000 i hope  im guessing bumper crop of giveaways eh 
Hey OG whitelist when did you first hear about the project? Jw because envy you. hahaha.
Oh I thought that was your suggestion. Also I was kidding not talking shit. 0o
Robert just got his WL today. Big congrats to him
Wow thats a good deal! 5k a day is amazing!
YOO maa mann!! howve u been buddy? hope u get the WL here soon dude.. so all the guys manage to get it here n we mooning tgt g rainbowhappy
Nuggets with mcflurry ? weird combo huh
I heard Cave 2 is the best. Hello
the secret is in its utility you generate 10 bananas a day. 50banana. floor at 100eth. is about 5 APY higher than any bank
Hes not kidding tho. Banana is cheap rn.
that was some good ass cinnabon
I hope so as well! I have been alright! Just had a late dinner and gonna get ready for bed soon and we chillin!
hows ur day or night going? cave 2 is lit
about to go to mcdonalds what should i get?
idk how to describe man but its can compete with mcd
Yeah will be looking forward to that!
haha do you guys have any fear of delisting daily or you guys have some strict rules in the community to follow
Its true. Cave 2 is for VIPs. Welcome relax and chill.
hahaha love the good stuff. lol
Peter T. off a friend hahahah got lucky..   kennayyy niceee i hear.. congrats to him !! Dachshundwizard  Twitch  nicee dude excited for this week tbh.. LFG FAMrainbowhappy
hey how is your night going so far?
I knew it! Cave 1 tried to fake it but I knew it all along.
better french fries with mcflurry lol
hello all i am back hows everybody doing
I feel you but noodles is a hard task for lunch dont you think? Just get a solid rice dish with protein and veggies tbh. Would never go wrong
id say all of the genesis kongz holders have diamond hands most of them got in really early when they were like 110eth floor
im not from singapore but what is that?
yuuup haha what kinda cut you usally get
yeah me too i need a cut for tmr night
Im looking forward to this project AND this weekend! wlcclfg
i just got one like 4 days ago  but i want another one already lol gotta stay fresh
Seinic  mcspicy i mean we have a spicy mcchicken in the staes but mcspicy sounds crazy lol 
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T  hey great to see you here too 
Why wouldnt they just sell if its that much eth each?
Whats good about genesis kongz besides the daily gains?
ull get ther fam!! just reach top 200 and ull be WL.. ill be waiting for u bro
yea me too so im looking a lot more into NFTs that generate tokens
Floor is 122eth. Still on that? 
8BitLolitas most people in projects like this dont seem to understandknow about the kongz model. I thought everyone came for the same thing but no. Its amazing
I love mc chickens thats my go to mcdoanlds order
Sweet!! thats a great friend. Love to build those kind of connections. Thats why Im here and will like to be a part of this community. Appreciate the info fam!!
yes im booming are you THRIVING too?
do you see that in offshoot projects like kaiju kingz but i guess the alpha group in gen kongz is really worth the hold. its like additional passive income over and above bananas
have you guys tried mcchicken and replace the mayo with big mac sauce
what lv are u atm bro? i saw u chatting like 247
Great community there. I am sure there are a lot of things we can learn from you!
I want fries with honey mustard
u will fam!! as long as ure genuinely contributing to communities.. u will attract ppl with positive energies.. 
I havent Ill try that the next time I go Sound bomb tho
Im 134! we got that covered! Im on my way! 100rainbow
they see more value in the NFT than pure monetary gain. u get alpha from other members and u can breed baby kongz for the other member who dont have genesis. usually get a tip between 1025 bananas 5002500 USD
honey mustard sounds good for fries but spicy mayo sounds better
I would like to mention I am also thriving
honey mustard? thats kinda weird
Yeah passive income is good bro. We got lots to learn!
cant stop  wont stop  game stop
Sounds a bit strange but I swear its bomb
i prefer like sweet and sour or barbecue
20 pc mcnugget and large fries with an oreo mcflurry
Forsure my man!! Appreciate the knowledge. Where are you locate fam?
thought it was gonna taste nasty at first but it was pretty good
Thats sick. The price per banana is so high. I wonder if they did that on purpose to get the hype surrounding it
Ketchup is og dont even play with me man
bet imma get that in a few minutes haha
yeap ive grown to love mustard hahaa
Syd Rogers that is good to hear but can i get a haircut
Yo I got you  lets get there together. 100rainbow
the price is high because theyre very smart with their burn mechanics
Ahahahaha yeaaah me too !!! Cant wait for the next season 
passive income alone is boring but pair that up with a high functioning community man thats the sauce
oh i boosted the server brotha nothing too special
bojangles  your time is coming my friend
Season 1 was awesome man. But it kinda gets repetitive after season 2. Still a good show nonetheless!
yeah Ill cut your hair pull up homie
Sorry im new here whats a burn mechanic? Is it the people that are smart or the devs?
thats good to hear man we kickin it back in here
Thats right somehow yeaah still love it. Is Goldberg right here? Lmao
ayy whats your favourite genres
yes bro if u click on the arrow next to server name u will see  boost this server
Sometimes I do feel boosters should be appreciated a lil more  but of course they cant boost the server and do ntg
the devs so the token isnt continuously in circulation. when you breed you basically delete 600 bananas
man he must be matt stonie to be eating all that in one go lol  anyone else notice the whitelist number going up slowly
Wonder what everyone is doing in between chats 
upstate new york kinda far bruh but maybe ill come up
holy cow if anyone play league i just pulled off an insane play i stole 2 drakes back to back!
Yall are so cheeky in here i love it
is coo just come thru free haircut on me
yep during the bull run it was 120 per banana now in the bear market is floating between 4760
pretending to be a functioning worker in the corporate world
Any film reccommendation besides it?
wow u probably just won the game for your team if you did that!
you dont have to pretend ! once youve made it here  its time to say good bye to corporate world
i have a baby kong ser no genesis for me out of my budget range xD
So many new wyverns coming in exciting stuffs !
tummysalumi i bet he gives fire fades
keep a good vibe brotha we all will get wl in no time haha
wow you on discord? focus on your game man ahahah
got damm it i wish some one hook me up on a feeding tube so that i can have my hands on the keyboard all day
yeah i got you with a bowlcut bring me the size bowl you want
ha bro you are right we can do it haha
randomcbosh shoot my instant replay wasnt on
i have 10 of a genesis right now on WGK i generate 1 banana per day DDD
how many does a baby kong yield?
this is time for the lunch guys
DAmn... shadow play failed you?
medium sized bowl because i have a medium sized head
Who in their right mind would breed at 120 per banana lol.
Does anybody gag when they brush their tongue and how do you guys brush your tongue if you gag?
damn okay you like turning the lights off eh?
thats some decent money per day
lmk if any yo homies want cuts too
gdi all i ever wanted in life is  a bowl cut penguin ffs they be out of reach at this point
during the bull run it doesnt matter what u did or what u invested in ull most likely make money cuz everything was just going up
tummysalumi yea haha his ult is sick
easily about to go take a nap and then we will be at 5k
Sheeeesh wanna slide to Cali and give yo boi a fresh cut 
lol if u make it big one day you can get one yourself
i might need to head out for banking soon  see u in a bit
I like how they e gonna focus on their lives now Ill get into it soon
50 per day not bad got some other NFTs that generate tokens too.
im lowkey feeding but hopefully i win haha
lmao just take a break and rest up  dont always gotta be on discord
yo what Syd Rogers  you can cut hair mind sharing a ig page if you have one
Yeah best season so far in my opinion
50 a day is good. Some people can only make 50 a day
tokenomics are gonna be the lifeblood of nfts
thats wassup i used to cut during highschool for my hustle
its a good side Hussle got like 3 homies that do it and make good money
Kaiju cool cats mutant cats Headdao as of now will probaby buy a Neo Tokyo when i get some more money
yep deposit to pay for another shoes haha buy myself a birthday gift lol
good luck boss! i quit those games haha
yup it is already lol more and more projects are adopting em 
cw  youre gon lol dont beat urself over it you got it !
Ryu Vibe man i remember letting my homie cut my hair back then lmao we was all basically rest subjects cutting hair looks fun tho
Ohh! Yea those are big names. Kaiju kings especially
whats up yall back n better than ever
MY mannnn! you carried with the dragon steals!
rewarding holders of nft with token that can be use for breeding buying new nfts utility and in metaverse gaming and they also serve as potential sources of income
yeah got a couple bad cuts from when they started up haha but now they hook it up so its sick
dipped to like .5e recently. its defo a nft to look into imo but always do ur own research
oof i dont know why but im a big fan of tapers they look so clean but once i get hoem the haircut is basically gone lol
Ryu Vibe lmao fr it was cool back then how they started with us and got better as time went on
yeah its crazy how life changing nft is!
teamnopaint brother i think i was nice. ill send a pic off my phone if i can find one
Ryu Vibe its really fun to do plus u can make good connections from it
thanks for the wyvern community in believe in my jungle skills haha
i cut all my boys in college rn
yo what 50 a day? geeez i can finally put food on the table and feed the fam
true without those dragon skills the game couldve gone different
Indeed! And good news is we all still early!
Hahaha were all early in the nft scene
which chat is better cave or cave 2 7346pepehmmm
great to see you here still just got back and youre still at keep it going 
holanihao 50 a day is a lot it just adds up a ton overtime which is great
too bad i actually never pull it out back into cash but i reinvest it into crypto cuz im a complete degen
i started learning skin tapers recently actually
ez bro!! LFG btw ur pfp looks damn sick.. from fanarts?
yeah connections are everything man! v1 definitely  leveled up haha
guess this chat would be a lil bias haha
yo where did whitelist chat go?
bro u ever tried Suko in Jakarta?
well this is cave 2  so my question has a lil bias to it asking here haha
i got my penguin to work full time discord so hes doing great
honestly! they already confirmed season 4
I think the chat here doesnt move as fast most of em are over at the main chat
Checkout the faqs for a detailed breakdown of the project plan and future milestones
I know for a fact that was the turning point of that game!!!
yup those are sick for sure by chance you have an IG i can check out would love to see your work
Ryu Vibe yup ive made my bits of shares of networking in the nft world its crazy  how far you can get lol 
cade ask it in cave 1 and see if you got 2 responses lol
Hahhaa Leshgo Im level 10 in here now haha
Did you mean Shu Guo Yin Xiang?
idk what lvl i even am at this point tbh
i wish they lower the slow mode
Whos watching F1 here? Who do you think will get the championship?
yes hes the pinkest of them all! do you own any or are looking to own one soon!
Keep going you beautiful Wyverns! Time to fly!!
looks like this chat definitely has more spirit than the other one
Infintrus  oh wow looks like youre green now congrats!!!!! it was like the other day you was pink
nahhh unfortunately i have to pay rent LOL
Please check your ranks only in the botcommands channel! You dont wanna be banned for something so stupid
Hmmm i dont think so  what is it
yeah cave 2 looks like where youre able to have more genuine convos with others where cave 1 is kinda more spammy
TGOATMENG  no grinding here just vibing and interacting with chat 
oh i they lowered it from two mins nice
THISS omg please dont put command in every channel
yeah my message got ate up by other messages and i only got one response lmao
Cant imagine hving a convo like that lol
Cave 2 is lit. You can close this channel now. Lol
I was just chillin and my name turned green lmao I was shocked and thank you homie!
Cant wait for the new sneakpeeks! Want myself a new a fire breathing PFP haha!
best website to watch Ready Player One?
not as chill as this VIP chill cave LOL 
ZeeBoi88 thats why i left in the beginning... it was just so long
We doin well  just chillin. How are you?
aint even know there was a chill cave
we gotchu covered fam. im sure youll have enough to cover that with one of these wyverns for life 
hmmm what typa of bread cooking yal talking bout lol 
cade lmao it moves way too qiuck in there id say the best chat is thecave2   chillcave 
Infintrus well deserved my guy 
Your Kaiju is in tears getting that green role. Congrats!!
i hope everyone is having a good night  what did everyone have for dinner?
im not experienced but i love a good banana bread
HENRY true this where the VIPs at
Mind if I ask how many msgs did you sent HAHAH just curious
what we doin on this fine est time morning
Hey man havent seen you in a while how are you doing?
lol im in no rush ill let things come naturally sooner or later you and everybody else wiull be green too we literally have thousands of spots to around 
jtp12  i ended having those wings and my stomach is killing me lol
anyone from europe or asian awake yet XD
yeah mate hahaha! thousands of people gotta grab those  greens WGMI mate
HENRY isnt it like afternoon for them right now
Im using a phone theres no exact figure if not k wouldnt have asked 
Ahhhh nice ! Yeaaaah of course just had it one hour ago? And you?
time for the overseas homies to cook
thats a very good outlook my ape friend
Thank you! I really appreciate that 
cassie07 He couldnt be any happier!
sorry bro !! hahaha i searched for you approximately 700
green is the dream fosho i just joined yesterday night and ive been vibin with the community like crazy i lose track of time haha
im sure theyre in the language channels lol
time for the overseas homies to overtake the american homies on the leaderboards
tgif af... weekend literally couldnt come any earlier
what switches do you have? nice setup!
Keep going boys and girls!!!!!! Long way for our project to go still!
Good night guys dont grind too hard 
hahahahaha i know  cw great keyboard you have there
wassup everybody im back again. just posted some fanart . hows everybody doin tho??
sick 60 gang gang what switches u using
yooo sick keyboard i love all white keycaps the murakami mouse pad is sick too love the setup you got there
kucas lmao you might be just right EU and Asia folks coming back to take their rightful spot
nice keyboard man! is that how you carry everyone on league
yoo i just broke my pipe CCC sad
the only way is to stay up and match them 
That mat is fire where u get that mat my g
im tryna get a varmilo keyboard anyone got one
you from japan? i love murakami 
they are the Teal Telios 8BitLolitas 
v1 thank you for the wonderful comment
I just got away its only been a few minutes
The amount of words typed into discord is overwhelming for me
i know right.... its been a long week man where u from?
yup gotta match their energy fosho lol imagine the time we put into this now imagine whaty they can do lol 
Brausoto  pain on another level hopefully you got a back up one
Do we really have rare pepe messiah? Lol
true haha btw youre kinda cute where you from?
i satrted at 800 3 hours ago im at 290 now lets do itttt
There is a couple that live far apart from each other and the boyfriend wants to send the girl an expensive necklace through the mail. Customs however arent the most trustworthy so he has to lock it inside a box with a lock. He cant send the key to her as they will take it and open the box even if he sends them at different times. How can he get the necklace to her safely?
im from new york haha how about you?
Ooo thanks Im from Singapore and you? Haha
its crazy too think lol  you really do lose track of time when your just vibin out in here
kucas  ik your not tryna flirt rn on discord LOL
Brausoto  see i told ya u can easily get thru this were still in the early stages  
kennayyy its the murakami faze mousepad! my friend gifted it to me
thisiscasper i am from california i love murakami too
Syd Rogers the keyboard was close to 400 and the mouse pad was a gift haha
not happening. aint nobody taking my job from me.
send box locked and let gf lock with her own lock and send back to bf and he unlocks his and send back final time to gf to unlock her own lock
haha im from nyc but singapore is a nice country
when we get to sleep the overseas people are gonna take over
yeah i still have yet to go to NYC
dont sleep we are bots.. keep active sir
man we need more color names in here. haha bless us mods with the whitelist. lol
im in NJ like 30 min from NYC it gets old after awhile but first time im sure youll love it
That is correct so fast haha. you must have known this one.
sleep man dont worry. still have a time 
its not all that here in ny tbh lul
sorry my controller I shall now proceed to get back to bot work and start botting like a bot.... WAGMI
yo bro stop blowing up my spot rn im down tremendous
Do you know SAS? I went there for a bit
No need to sleep if you can grind all day long
Ooo nyc is a nice city !!! Anyways good luck to you 3
haha how has the grind been for you bro
i love nyc i have some family in there right now
No  I havent been to san fran Chicago NYC so many large cities I havent been to. I am from Seattle
lol your time will come eventually patience is key    is always watching every message
kucas  lmao iim sorry keep up the game  
KingAsura  rest every now and then lol take it slow and steady not a race
ok dont go to hard ur guarantee already expired
Hi mate done eating your lunch?
ive been in chicago incredible city
That can get a bit hecticc sleep is required haha
Ahahahaha feels like my whole life is a race 
Trying my best bro. Grinding never stops 
Yo wtf my controller im rank 12 from helping you bot bro what else can i do for you
Ikr Thats why i dont wanna sleep yet but Im delaying the inevitable
not yet still being active in here haahha maybe later i will order some food
where you from that you know its this bad? haha
I used to study in singapore! Now Im in ny
oooo thats one of my next bigs is seattle do you recommend any places out there 
kucas  its okay plenty of fishes in the sea
KingAsura  yup take life slowly lol you wanna soak everything in 
seemeeko  be sure to always take breaks often dont be stuck on discord all day !!!!
No info yet. Keep an eye on announcements
damn you rank 12 you a beast bro
I ate pork chop for lunch how are u?
you too huh what rank you at rn
keep at it brother youve got this!
yes no doubt love the quality conversation. Nice pfp fam!! Is that your BAYC? Super sick!!
gimme ur rank sir.. rank or u be turn off
Awww cool!!! So youre from Sg or Ny? Haha
Take a break and come back stronger !
Wanna have a slow living life for sure 
fr murakami art is so sick i love it i need more pieces of it
Betroot  no exact launch date yet announcements  will keep ya updated
Honeslty I would say try to visit the mountains while you are here  its nice to travel like an hour outside of the city to see our wonderful mountain ranges
Get some rest bro health is wealth remember!
Hows my favorite cave doing tho!!!
And you got mercedes cmom. Nice. I got an alien one 
two moods  sleep is for the weak sleep for the week. guess which one im vibing on now
yea i heard the nature views out there are crazy i always see pics of em i heard it looks real green compared to here in cali lol 
Robert  doing great great to have you back also even if you have your whitelist role
i just told you my current rank what else do you want from me
Thanks guys.. yes im lying in bed now.
We hangin out and vibin! Theres some sititn over there by the campfire theres some sleepin Wyverns over there. An other group gathered at a table playing poker. Lots going on.
Japan and Hong Kong but I live overseas
not worth it until you get those  greeens !
it is worth it lol dont demonize sleep. nobody can go without sleep at least functioning properly
what is your favorite vegetable?
yea  gonna have to grind all day to try to keep my position
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  poker sounds lit rn 
what type of veggies do you like and why is it asparagus
Incoming luck  to everyone in here 
hows the night or day been so far for you ?
oh nice! youre singaporean or just came here for exchange?
right on bro im multimooding rn
haha yes i was just messing around im just a night owl
Robert your dedication to this server is amazing!
sweet fam!! just bought myself a gold mom yesterday. may look for another dad soon while the floor looks good.
keep up the great work love the toad btw 
Dann  have a good one hope to see ya tmmr
tummysalumi  brocoli is amazing have u ever tried the brocoli at kbbq places ?
its been fantastic. Taking time out of my day talking to all of you has been pretty fun. How was yours?
Yeaah thats truee but my friend is forcing to play one last game of league. So i need to survive just a lil bit
We gotta get everyone outta the hood no one gets left behind!
nah not singaporean but I moved a lot growing up
how do you like to cook your broccoli
try making broccoli soup it is so simple and delicious
Angelmisa  thank you! How are you doing? Are you unintentionally fluffy? wlcckek
nice bok choy is mad good i ate it a lot growing up and in college
its been alrighht man worked all  day then went to the gym wish i coulda been more active during the day but now im on chatting! just a lil tired
uhh iono bout that never liked broccoli cheddar soup whenever I had it
lmao facts all the homies gotta eat 
CharlesVFs  ill have to try that never even heard of that 
ChonBean  be sure to check out whitelistinfo  and the mods are actively handpicking those that are active and friendly with the community for whitelist
check the announcements and the faqs for WL details
how you had broccoli chicken noodle soup before?
Yeah literally unintentionally fluffy  lol 
nah he means when you boil the broccoli and drink the water
Most of my day was school but I had a bit of time to chat in here
I dont even got energy to be salty so i guess im save on that lol. But we just chillin so its fine
oh that broccoli soup I love it like that
u dont have to put cheddar i think its good on its on with a slight drizzle of extra virgin olive oil and balck pepper
just watching you right now im nearing the end of season 3 rn omg
yeah its tough being active when you have a job or school i think thats why majority of the whitelist will go towards those are active and helpful in the community
cw  just late night talks and snacking lol
thats good ! you in HS or post secondary ?
is this any different to the cave ?
i either boil it or bake it. it tastes a lot better baked tho.
like broccoli cheddar soup is not it for me
then its all good hf with league
nope just another place to have a convo
Ive got one hand on lunch and one hand on ma phone
good stuff make sure to live it up! goes by quick once you are out
my profile picture is just a cute froggie fren 3
yea im trying to make memories right now and then work my ass off after school cry
ahahha ok i guess then just splitted people to control the traffic
make sure you dont eat too much salt tho! too much sodium is bad for you
no not really but everyone here is gon say cave 2 is superior ps its true 
Methodson  multitasking on another level haha 
cw  ive been snackking on some nerd gummies and snacks lol
then have u tried baked tomatoes soup ? those are insane with some sourdough too 
just good old ripe tomatoes with onions  olive oil salt
whats a good late night snack rn
Aww sounds like you got it all planned  haha
We stay lit in cave 2! We all know the drill here
ahahha love it ..then  i guess i can stick to cave 2 
I mean if you getting money and having fun thatd be the best haha if you can hussle stuff in highschool do it!
oh yeah you right I try to keep it low
okaay u already take a lunch bro?
Im literally stuck on this chair for now X
Syd Rogers what else you like to eat
Lol bro no u wont if u get more rest!
Ive made pretty good money through nfts so Im just to fit fun and nfts into my schedule
hmm actually might make a sandwich
yeah throw them in the oven for 45 min at 250 celsius. take them out and take a food processor and blend. u could add some vegetable stock when youre blending it
i like eating halal food with chicken with white sauce and hot sauce hbu
thats nice love japanese eel. Always a facc
Have you checked out chillcave ?! Some ultimate chillers in there 
Yassss cave 2 da best ..atleast im able to keep track of the replies in here  unlike the cave
Yesss im finished. U have no work now?
Syd Rogers have you tried the popeyes chicken sandwich yet so good
Yeah.. juz love sashimi and jap food! Top choice for lunch today! Wat u having mate?
hoping that I could make a living in the NFT space. Its something I love doing and I know a bit about it
ooo youre back!!!! Waa never share
I had Indian curry earlier! Delicious with loads of fried chicken
same here also i love daytrading
what do you usually order with dry hotpot
yea but chik fil a sandwich is better change my mind
yup but cave 2 is better lol much more chill in here
BoNFT  thats great to hear glad to hear that nfts made people some good money
Huatella  another sashimi lover  sashimi is the best
HENRY  what they got dry hotpot how does that work
Ive seen a bit but no way they stay as lit as us here 
ooooh yeah curries are always yumm ..which one did you have bro ?
thats the dream man look into crypto as well if you havent  or just regular stocks you can make it forsure just gotta put in the time and if you young even better! more time haha
beef and lots of it and some fish tofu and some veggies haha
Syd Rogers i will change your mind  popeyes chicken is huge chick fil a is too small
Wow.. probably i will have them for dinner! Roti prata!
lol yeah seems like I got no excuses already huh 
Yea im into crypto ill start looking into stocks
doing well actually just looking at the markets things are looking strong out there
whats the age range for everyone here ? always curious what demographic gets into these
just get 2 chik fil a sandwiches whats your next point to debunk chik fil a  popeyes
its made szechuan style and cook on a wok its really good you definitrely gotta try it out since a lot of people never had it before!
Same here my fav ia tom yum and pad thai
Oh you have no idea! We always lit fam 
good luck with that and this project hope you get WL !
oh yeah nice ..where r u from bro ?
yoo my sticks just came about to dog these bad boys
those scechuan dishes are bomb af if you love spices they dont necessarily have to be spicy
i swear when popeyes first put out the chicken sandwich it was huge nowadawys that thing is the size of the chic fil a sandwich lol 
HENRY will be sure to try crazy how i never even heard of it sounds good too
Syd Rogers  oh boy enjoy your meal i love chic fila  esp their sauces
but that is not cost efficient also the popeyes workers demographics make fried chicken better than the chick fil a demographic
thanks PESHeart hoping you get wl too. Even if I dont get wl I genuinely enjoy talking to people in this discord
send some pics yo i wanna eat some sticks right now
LMAO ik you did not just mention demographics haha popeyes  chic fila in your opinion im guessing
Andrew27 Space Apes  ooo sick space ape i like that the market fell hard on those sadly
it is bittersweet when the markets are up and that is a good thing but it brings NFTs to a halt. I am always conflicted with big moves in the market these days lol
hey man ima need you to figure out what i meant by yourself
v1 oh really i havent had one since i graduated lol RIP i guess
You can get delivery from that place? 0
i still working my work now jsut sneak to keep active in here.. cant let u alone in here ahahahaha
Lived in thailand but im not thai haha. I want to go back tho
nah bro australia but love indian food
Ahaahha yeah man  gonna rest a little bit now
HAHA just kidding but i mean i grew up with popeyes so i have a soft spot in my heart for it and popeyes does make some fire ass fried chicken chickfila cant say that
whats wrong with tom yun i like its soup base
There is no food here is also sharp
gn fella! keep the grind tomorrow
HENRY heres ur pic buddy omg its so good
not bad at all Space Apes price has basically held through the NFT market dip so far knocks on wood
did you pick up any of ohtanis card during the off season fam?
yeah popeyes kinda fell off the quality wasnt there no more im not even sure if they had quality in the first place but just imagine how much hell the workers went thru when the chicken sandwich was introduced lol 
AirWolf   great to see you here again even when i just came back your still here 
Andrew27 Space Apes  yup its still doing well hhonestly
Syd Rogers  really whats wrong with tom yun 
think im gonna head up for now ! ill talk to you guys later !
what do yu mean bro ? u mean the spice ?
tom yum type gross fake spicy mala is better
v1 bruh everyone was lining up for it i remember my popeyes drive thru worker being like sigh are you here for the chicken sandwich LOL
wow that looks very delicous! i am so hungry now looking at that. imma go buy some tomorrow to eat with my friends!
the fu zhou wonton is a must... its sooo good
Ha bro spice hi speaking you also get what spice food
I see. I have traveled only in Bangkok many tourists foreigners. I think most visited spots were temples floating market.
Always great to see you sir you out here having only the best convos
man if you did you wouldve came up mucho. are you into graded cards?
eHy guys just wondering if you all heard of this project called CrowPunks? For some reason i was sent a raffle ticket. Anyone got the same?
oh man you are making me hungry with that skewers
Yeah I lived in bkk and studied in ISB when I was there
what makes the fuzhou wonton different from a regular wonton
Nah Im not into collecting cards at all 
HENRY  I had a friend who said spicy mala was too spicy and he convinced me to get tom yum worst mistake of my life
fu zhou wontons are so good have you had fu zhou fish balls?
I have 4hrs away from my kid now. Omg thank god
Where are u now? You dont want to live and work in Bangkok?
LMAO ik theyw as tired of that shit for sure i wouldve quit if i seen a 40 car line people were going crazy for those sandwiches lol 
AirWolf  thank you for those kind words 3 its always good to see you in here
TheWalrus057  go eat LOL food is the best food makes everyone happy
Im in ny rn. I dont have a thai citizenship
thank you tummysalumi. very good analysis
fish balls are lit but thats bout it
you sound like the guy who can handle your spice! u shoulda just gotten spicy mala
Ive been trying to cook for myself a bit. Made a butter baste medium rare steak and it came out really well. What did yall eat for dinner tonight?
my god the crispy pork intestine is so damn good too. 
HENRY ya ive had the fuzhou fish balls those are yummy
I see. Well ny is a busy place. I think ur in a better place. Enjoy there
Lmao. Get some me time amirite! Let the waifu handle them lol
well i tell you my man. make sure to do some research this off season if you want some extra cash. haha. sports card are great investment since the hobby is booming.
pork intestine is one of my favorite foods but i know some people find them weird
How to get wl will someone tell me
it feels weird thining about eating intenstines but they taste so dam good lol
since NFTs I have forgotten what a sleep schedule is lol
i think itll most likely after nft market recovers were down but well always bounce back lol 
kucas  dw youre not the only weird one here me to!!!!!
Syd Rogers  would you ever try those ghost pepper chili chips like those challenges i hate spicy and i imagine if i ate that i would die lol
i havent had a normal sleeping schedule in a long time
Now to handle the waifu instead x
Absolutely.. living in ny is expensive?
going to bed for the night everyone have a great rest of your nightday!!! goodluck on the grind!
ahh yeah the spicy curries and biriyani are good here ... where in India are you from bro ?
man my hunger is not going away
how many nights have you not slept because of NFTs lol
especially if they are crispy takes away the slimy texture that some people find weird
You as well good sir keep up the great vibes. Love seeing you around
Have u guys tried heart and liver
hah ny and expensive in the same sentence   just like cali so expensive to live here
tummysalumi fill out that tummy asap get some good grub and come back vibe 
i hope its not just spicy need to have some depth and other spices
Lets go to bed! We need our sleep
I had gizzards not long ago they werent bad just really chewy like calamari on steroids
didnt have a snack? u need more energy sir dont let this grind get u sick
how do you do it man? i just wanna keep chatting and not sleep!
nicee asian american gang represent i will respectfully have to say that east coast  west coast though
i really want to be at least on the top 200 before i go
it was probably that bowl you took earlier haha i swear earlier you was saying redbulls was gon keep you up till top 50 or soemthing  
kucas  wha no way  west coast what makes east coast better hmmmm
How far are you away from that! Hyped for you buddy
bro you gonna wake up to rank 350 my guy
yeah that will be safer for you
food is better here innout is overhyped
i should be studing for my law test tomorrow morning lol
Dont force yourself to stay up tho  if your body is telling you its tired its tired. 
oh nice...yeah i guess everyone loves biriyani..its soo good
very overhyped any burger u make at home is the same dn LOL
Everyone calling it quits and going to sleep  what no way its to early for bed
kucas awh u just hurt my heart saying in n out overhyped ouch but i got a friend that eats it like weekly lol he loves that stuff what burgers out there can compare
I should be a normal law abiding hardworking ass employee right now bro
Loving this community so far! The team are amazing and this project will moon! 
hmm shake shack? i would say it is better burgers are huge
Its 1030pm but I gotta wake up at 450am KEKW 
i was rank 50 last night and i woke up to 200. you snooze you lose.
whatcha gotta do in the morning?
yikes gotta get back on the grind
trust focus on that first even if you cant reach top 200 being active and helpful in the community is more than enough
kucas  awh hell no LOL. i love shake shack but the burgers huge?? no way theyre like so tiny they do fill me up tho 
Dachshundwizard  Twitch   ok yeah best get some sleep then lol dont wanna wake up tired and dead
no sleeping guys!! grind till we get WL
i find cave 2 so much peaceful and soothing for my eyes as i can keep track of the messages haha
U nv know when is the snapshot. Dun sleep
if i go now i will wake up in a worst place than if i grind for a bit more
comes w the territory it seems I have decided there is some luck involved regarding when it ends and your time zone hahahahaha
I used to be a personal trainer but I still train one lady at her house and she likes to train at 530 am lol Robert
Yahh people catch up so fast bro.
yea lol. i am going nowhere. not until im level 30 at LEAST
it  be like that too many hustlers out here
when will be the end point of the activity contest
ahh she must pay well to make you wake up so early huh LOL
im daytarder so im use to be at my laptop all day long lol
no grinding here just vibing and being active with the community 
Brausoto  dont beat urself up about it lol trust me take care of ya self first
Dachshundwizard  Twitch   pretty sick of u to come by at that time for her lol  love the effort youre putting in for her
level 30 is some grindage I tip my hat sir
Wow this chat is on fire! I am sure your effort will be recognised bro
ha briani is very cool thats great
yeah i work at 9am tmr wassup hbu
Everyone needs to know about this more ! 
oooo level 30 thats a far road im sure youll get there in no time
btw has anyone watched Dune the movie???
oh yeah agreed bro ...what else food is good in delhi ?
No problem! Always here for anyone
thank u for your kind words sir
Yes. She does. 80 for an hour session. AND she is basically family now so I actually like training her. Its nice to hangout and talk and train her for an hour and get 80 bucks. KEKW
traveling must be hard as a daytrader
I literally just watched it haha I enjoyed it we talked about it in movies bro
Yup I think we have the potential to do really well!!!
that new dune movie is very worthwhile the first of a number of films it appears
nah olny a good internet conection and tats it
yeah my friends that are day trading are so busy. they constantly need to be infront of their devices. no fun at all
Exactly! And Robeng she wild! KEKW
im a software engineer WFH for the big 5 hbu
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  woww 80 bucks thats od bread man nice!
what if youre on the taxi or something and you miss a good entry
im a fry cook at my local fast food place sometimes I manage the kitchen
530 am... you get paid more or no? that is some weird time
if they infornt of yhe phone all day probably is more like long termn invesments and not day trading
I dont understand why it has 2 cave
usually at that point im ready to sleep like a mf princess
oh wow we did lol i forgot about that
TheWalrus057 yup the movie was sick cant wait for chapter 2 to com it felt like chapter 1 was so short
Niceee! SWEs are in hot demand bro!
damn if you are swe for big 5 you make more than 80 an hour
Fitness training  she has a small gym in her basement. That used to be my full time job tho  training at a gym.
Shisyuo I mean she is my only client now  its not my profession  but shes like family AND she pays me so its all good
yeah well NFT is in higher demand!
Thats because so many people on here
so close to 5k members lets push it!
agreed it has kept to the books closely enough. Some minor liberties were taken but I am excited for the rest of the series
I mean we can talk both are same
Chat will run very fast if one cave only.
too remove the cluster and for people to actually have convos its working out so far as cave 2 seems pretty chill imo
TheWalrus057 man the scene with the spider was insane i might just rewatch it to see and soak everything in again
yeah bro I have been wanting to rewatch it myself there is so much detail in a movie like that you know we are missing stuff the fist time around
both cave got 1min slowomde right?
Sick mate. Make some fat moves lately?
Because of good people 2 caves have been made.
any plays you got for us today?
theres like no convos in the first cave
monetisation opportunities are mad. imagine building a course for hopefuls to join the industry and monetising that
im here in Oz based company bro ..wherabout r u ?
nah i think were gucci with two caves we kinda almost have 3 caves cause of the chill cave and yes both caves habve the same cooldown
TheWalrus057 yup i think ima plan to rewatch it tonight
Nice now we have two cave.. expanding muchh haha
they all bout the grind and the hustle other in the other cave
not a bad idea we may be doing that at the same time lol
well i only trade  futures the sp500 to be exactly
Yes and more chat  more active discord with only 4762 people
u melt my heart all day long! we need you
yes you are right now i understand thanks bro
whats the moves Im following your calls to the end of the line
why hustle by yourself when u can hustle and make some new friends here
check the future of the emini sp500 its going upppp
faudi dissed me so i ratiod him
ngl cave 2 is way more lit i  have good convos here i go in the og cave and no one conversating
so you were grinding. thinksmart1 I knew it all along.
yeah his and a bunch of copy and paste messages not like in here
so is cave 2 lol  but chill in their own way 
Ryu Vibe  lmao its tough habing a actual convo in cave 1 
superwasheddevil  yes you will but you will only earn xp by the minute so no need to spam
i did not intend to till he came at me Kek
Hyxder gratz on 1k messages you monster.
Out of these we will aana hoga in rank 200and how to see rank 200
damn rob you still here.. respect my man you really are here for the community and future
no grind only active and engaging in the community
yeah i know xp is every min which is great with the timer u know thats all u need type when time is 1min love it
Hahah yeah we need real conversation not canned messages 
we respect all! and can hang out in each others caves
thats why I love it here. I dont even mind if I dont get whitelist just talking to yall is enough
Syd Rogers haha love hearing that
boi wat da hell boi u sayin FIYTB
Grind bro and engaging in the community
wow i just came from cave 1 and its insane in there lol  alli saw was welcome backs  and hi im back lol 
superwasheddevil  yup just go by the min timer 
crepcole  you couldnt have said it any better all caves are equal
Yeah the community here is awesomeee
lol I just enjoy talking here with everyone
couldnt be happier to be part of this
hope we can all make it to finish line
doing good in there a little more chill I dig it
let a brotha get a stick too fam
hey glad to see youre back welcome back 
TheWalrus057  yup in cave 2 youre able to actually have convos in here lol
i was eating skewers. im food comaed right now. ate like 10 sticks lol
yeah its nice and slower in here
can u please lend a brother some sticks
What kind of sticks we talking about
thats the goal ofc only so much my eyes can handle at a time
Welcome back! We are open 247 here p
full time thing thing bro is this a wendys
tummysalumi  oh i see yeah i just downed some cookies  a lil to many
what kinda stick you got for me dawg
didnt you say that you were still feeling hungry when you ate them haha
hah you woke up to me still here like i said LOL
tummysalumi man you ever had those oatmeal cream cookies? they cheap asf but so good
Im literally just about to sleep. In bed DogeEnough
when u think its gonna be its been a while
Yo so top 200 rank will get WL. Snapshot will be taken at random time
come down to the city my treat brother
We have everything that you need here. We are good at everything except the things we cant do p
yeah i said i was still hungry when i finished around half of them. i think im good now tho
Ryu Vibe oatmeal cream? nope. ive had oatmeal cookies before tho. pretty good
Do you mean that in 1 day they will whitelist 200
top 200 on the leaderboard will be able to get WL the random stealth shot is randomly taken it can even be taken now
Vaansh  havent even checkec dw i took breaks lol i recently got back like 30 mins ago
guys in 2021 i made myself a resolution to be more wholesome and pick up positive habits like reading books. now its 28 october and i have read none and become a nft penguin. how life path drastically alters some times
Who knows. I mean its only been 2 days
when it will happen is a very good question
You good bro. 5 years later you thank the you today 
i think you chose the right path books are for nerds
realistically prob not any time soon
haha yeah they so good cop some they fire
Wow thats a wide range of variety great!!! Ill just need one shop for all now xD lol
well im going to sleep now i cant wait to wake up to rank 201 nice chatting with yall peace
Last year I made a resolution that Id be working my ass off at a retail store. Now Im talking in discord with a bunch of random people and selling pictures online
yesssirr everyone in wyverns chat is invited
hey not bad lol nft was a good thing to get into and youre still early into them
tummysalumi yeah facts no way they randomly take it now unless 
BoNFT LMAO this cracked me up haha
uh oh that sounds like exposure LFG
lmao the allure of magical internet monies is what draws us in the community is what we live for
catch you on the flip brother man
i hope not i have more stuff to say lol
hahaha i dont know when i will go but check out mr. q bbq
just when you want to grind meeting calls come non stop
Welcome to all the new members!!
wait if you wake up to 201 what will i wake up to... dont leave brother
lmao for sure nft space is so fun and interestin always welcoming new faces
MEEKARI ooo get to those for sure and back to it 
skewers are so good ! i love those
Lmao.. I dun think I have ever stick to my new year resolutions
you in a chill spot youll be aight homie
if I were to speculate I would say some time this weekend though its impossible to say which day
yeah probably the best late night food imo
Yea i broke mine day 1 hahahaha
yoo morris whats up man. i missed you lol
Syd Rogers i thought i was in a chill spot yesterday and i woke up in the mud.
Hi more chill chat! Haha. How are you guys here?
i already know when the snap shot is taken whoever is ranked 201 is gon be forever in pain lol i rather be dead last then coming close to the snapshot 
morris  skewers are godly i havent had em in a minute but theyre good everytime i have em
mud aint real all it takes is some will power
doing good just a lil tired  how about yourself?
Yes!!! Amazing community we have in the nft space. And the good news is we are still so early! Excited to see what we can achieve!
no one says that could be right
if the mud isnt real what am i climbing out of
Its been a great day but getting a little tired just talking in here all day. Had fun chatting with people tho
You do?   man i am afraid to sleep and be that guy
its not what youre climbing out of its about what youre climbing into keep that in mind brother man
yup i aint letting no mfer take my job from me. they gonna have to work for it but i aint letting it happen
Just had lunch. So full. Feel like taking a nap. Lol.
Not too late brother!! Bunch of spots left.
true like I said purely speculation
not too late yet! have to be in top 200
yeah i got 95 work and my gf aint happy i am always on discord after work so i try my best
yup itll be random so always be on your toes never know when its gon happen
holanihao  yup and the community here is so nice  great to see
tummysalumi  haha i love that attitude keep it up cant let no one take your spotlight 
cSeemba  nope youre still very early thousands of spots left to go around be sure to check out whitelistinfo
its all a mindset you gotta have a millionaire mindset my man stay up king
sleep is good! no definitely not you still early they giving out 200 spots rn but there is still like 1500 to go after that im pretty sure. id put in the time this project is sweet
kucas you gotta climb mount everest
Oh wow. Im gonna try to stick around too.
Haha you and me both man!! Nfts has taken over my life
get well soon! im sorry that you have it now
climb this climb that when will she climb back into my life
thats how i know you wont succeed  i actually have a billionaire mindset
tummysalumi thats a challenge and a half
anyone sleep full 8 hours recently or na
hahah discord takes over lives i swear
Ahh thanks!!! Just lack of sleep I guess X
damn bro who hurt you... come here man. lets hug
Thanks! Im gonna invest much more time here then!
as soon as you whisper to her I am in Cosmic Wyverns
throw this in the jokes bro lmaooooo
naw i wish i been working alot! 
cSeemba  goodluck ! good to have you here!
and u thought u were down bad huh
Haha honestly i wouldnt mind  NFTs is basically my new girlfriend
hell nah  ever since nfts been introduced sleep hasnt been the same everyones enemy is sleep in this world lol 
superwasheddevil  fr my girl always be wondering what i been doing haha thinking im cheating or sum
thats why i have no gf.. not because no one wants me but because i have no time!
welp all good I sleep late anyway
who needs a gf when you have nfts pepecry
you def a sigma male. what up bro.
Dear all lets SUPPORT the Dev team RESPECT the community UPLIFT the Mods and stay POSITIVE! Cheers   
Maybe cos youre always on your phone.  Hahaha.  
Yeah sleep will never be the same since NFT. mint usually starts here at 3am. Haha
sheesh 3am ? where abouts are you from ?
Well all get there in no time xD
Hahah yes nft has changed our life and our sleep pattern definitely. Bert never sleeps!
Yup. Timezones making me sleep less. Haha. Philippines!
what up bro sigma males for lyfe
finally broke 200 gonna lose it tmr tho
i know!! its like i go to bathroom i grab my phone cos i dont wanna miss discord notification she be like....u waiting for someone to call????
anybody else sussed out by Zuckerberg and his Metaverse?
my sleep schedule is destroyed due to nfts
jesus yeah i feel bad for people in different time zones and mints are usually so late for them 
holanihao  superwasheddevil  LMAO  nfts are the enemy nfts are our new girlfriend hopefully they understand why haha
iono nothing happened just wondering if anyones from ny
oh cool cool ! literally everyone ive met from there has always been a super cool person genuine people 
when she tore my heart to pieces
a love hate relationship if u will hahaha
not if you  in bud. dont let any other mfer outwork you. put in that work
Yeah he was asking about you he said he was mad about something having to do with his wife
Its almost sleepy time for me cry
Oh thanks! Where you from? Have been to Philippines before?
no sleeping!!!!!!!! grind to WL!!!
yup same here everyone has been chill so far and helpful in this community good things to come for sure
BoNFT  be sure to get as much rest as you can so you can come back even stronger
yes i am here can you talk to me
im from Canada british colombia !  np no i havent but have alotta friends from there!
Gotta pray you get lucky for that snap shot!
Id do that if it were the weekend but I have school tmr cry
you doing anything for halloween?
Lets go for a place un Those 200
my favorite character is kung lao
yeah i think a couple friends of mine going to a party 3 hours away somewhere lol
it dont matter bro. this your job now. school more important than this? come on. sleep is for the weak
i know your not asking me but my favorite character is shang tsung
thnk god its weekend and i can grind more gotta catch up cos i joined late
ayyy sick a canadian got a friend from there hes so like laid back and chill
BoNFT  congrats on breaking 200 rest up for now remember being in top 200 is not all that matters just being here and helping the community is more than enough
Yes! Hes like a Karen trying to hang with the kiddos or something. Im scared
Oh wow. Your timezone usually is fit with mint time? So jealous. Haha
Haha tell me about it! So hard to grind at work
uhh cuz he got a cool hat that can chop you up to pieces like my ex chopped my heart into pieces haha
me too he creeps me tf out lmao. Dude wants to run the world I think
i kinda sneak into discord when boss not looking
relax man. you a sigma male now.  in
awh man forget about her you have nfts now theyll treat you much better  forget her
haha thats sick man where abouts you from?
cSeemba  uuuh sometimes usually pretty early  for me how long you been into nfts for?
Haha same i go to the bathroom to talk 
v1 LOL im joking i been over her i think
coming from cali its cold rn in the winter im pretty sure its even colder over there 
kucas  great to hear onto better things in life 
i think that name sounds familiar i didnt buy the tickets and my friends driving
Very sad haha idk why its funny
This grind is for real  why am I spending so much time with it lol
Just started last august. Still so much to learn. I hope im on the right track. Haha.  How bout u?
HENRYYY  is it bad that I find it easier to grind at work? At home I have dogs and a toddler who require attention
what has nft done to us??? u know whats worst...grinding is kinda addictive!! u say u wanna sleep but u be still typing!! lol
hell yeah i wanted to do videography for my career and still do it but feels like thats more of a side hustle now
Because you are unintentionally fluffy KEKW KEKW
yeah it gets pretty cold out here! luckly summers are super hot here aswell so i get a bit of both. 
cSeemba been into them for like a month or less super intresting. this project gonna be big i think
Nft is changing our lives in different ways! 
100 i dont have anyone bothering me at work
U are grinding in the metaverse
ye its in the middle of nowhere
come on wyverns. where the energy at?
coming out from sac in cali what part are you from ??
Ryu Vibe man the summers here in cali are extremely hot i hate it literally feels like a sauna when you walk outside sometimes
Awww is that the criteria to fit in this deal X
dont give up on that my brother struggled for years and then one day things started clicking. If you keep trying its like standing in a dry field flicking a lighter. Eventually you are going to get a reaction! Now he has a successful video business doing commercials etc
just woke up energy is low rn lol
Hello guys come on to clear communities love it
heeyy guys lets keep this energy
We are all! And it is going to be worth it!
Haha i was going to bed 30 minutes ago but im still here  i cant stop
Lolol. Nice. I just gotta grind thru my morning stuff then it leaves the afternoon full of discord.
appreciate the advice bro! its more of a mental  losing motivation type of thing rn. just gotta kick it into gear  tbh
thats wild thinking imma go to mexico this winter should be nice!
And Angelmisa  I need to figure out how to become fluffy as well. But I unintentionally. So idk if thats possible?
Yeah literally this space were communicating that is X we need help lol
lookin a little slow rn how many homies we got here
yea mexico would be sick to visit planning that trip soon in march need my passport asap tho
HENRYYY  everyone always says theyre going to bed but they end up staying an extra hr LOL
dont go nowhere bro. they gonna take ur job
Welcome back! Eat something and join us in cave 2
Broo i have noticed that trend around here now 
861688761661652992 861687609490276382
Hahaha I cant leave my phone alone tho Im supposed to enjoy lunch omg
I think so too! I hope we get into WL!
thats funny i just got mine last year was suppose to go to Hawaii but never eneded up going cause how expensive it was with covid going on
i like how its actually uniquely named and not just general
its me Im the guy taking his job
I think you should send funny joke haha
absolutely brother I can relate it can be a struggle sometimes
last night i said i was going to bed i stayed an extra 3 hours and still woke up in the mud.
My brother went to sleep already  he was too tired from talking haha
Well my friend apparently Im unintentionally one therefore subconsciously doing so. No intention cant give you a formula to that  sry lol 
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked
dont go mudsleeping bro its not good
thats why you stay hard and never sleep
LMAO its a trend for sure people cant help i cant even help it i just wanna chat a lil longer than usual haha
Vaansh  start us off strong cmon now 
Ryu Vibe  oh wow you shoudlve went i recently just came back from hawaii and it was crazy fun the views food and vibes were just amazing my flight ticket was only around 200 but everything else there was expensive af LOL
Congratulations to all the OGs and Green WL folk! Hope I get there soon as well!
well i hope you get past that slump and get your feet wet! you got im sure multiple communities willing to push you
on that goggins mentality   you know me chief
whats going on in cave 2 feel like im missing out
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Its fine he woke up.
I think im rank 196 took a bit to get to but it was fun
Well at least you tried! Thats all the matters. 861688761661652992 861687609490276382
dw we all come out from the mud come back stronger and better im here with you all night
rpm40hoon I Wyvern dw not much cave 2 is much more chill tho compared to 1 can actually have convos in here
you got more where these came from?
U Wil nv feel left out in cave2!
I appreciate that brother I do thankfully have a very supportive family which has been great while I have been doing NFTscrypto full time. I dont know what I would do without them lol
what yall think about the 2 edits i did in fanart
Thats great man! All the support is very important. Rooting for you bro!
Sounds like a good time nobody wants to hold a convo in cave 1 where you from man?
thats awesome to hear for real. keep it going. im working a full time job and doing videography as well as NFTs on the side. somethings bound to hit you know. same goes for you. just cant give up
Whos feeling that they spent more than 50 of their 24hours daily on discord  lol
coming from cali how about yourself 
tummysalumi locked in tonight  might take a break soon tho lol i just ate and my stomach is starting to kick
absolutely with perseverance it is just a matter of time for both of us
ive always had some jokes in the stash lol
Want to hear a joke about construction? Im still working on it.
haha maybe a lil less than that but close
i actually work at an electric bike shop doing repairs and sales lol sounds lame but good ass money tbh 
TheWalrus057 for sure blessings coming our way
Wow full time. Im impressed this is such a challenging fast paced space right now. Keep grinding along buddy!
theres a reason were known as the VIP cave hehe i feel like people in cave 1 dont even care haha  
just straight vibing and interacting witht the community is best way to do it tummysalumi
The wedding was so beautiful even the cake was in tiers.
What do people call a blind deer
yup. A common problem in this NFT circle is the lack of sleep that people get. theres a lot of people that are just sleeping 35 hours a day because theyre staying up to grind but its really bad for your health the longer you do it!! health is wealth!!
theyre sick tbh i enjoy it and its the future so
You are good bro! Stand up comedy could be a thing you can consider?
Remember to follow httpstwitter.comCosmicWyverns
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
im not great at telling them I just love seeing them kekw
what a way to start us off anyone got a better joke jk lol 
tummysalumi  on god i couldnt have said it any better pls guys watch your health before anything health is wealth!!!!!
yeah im waiting for them to get a lil cheaper first then ill probably cop one
facts....people in cave 1 gonna all joined cave 2 cos we got the vibe
We listening. Captive audience here
im finna get an ebike too had mad fun on em in la
kucas yeah i feel you dude markets still high with them right now just cause theyre fairly new
Yup. If you feel as if its a grind youre doing it wrong. Try making yourself and others feel at home here  talk to as many people as you can  be polite and converse with everyone. Most importantly though enjoy yourself and vibe.
i cant sleep i can only think about wyverns right now
Wow only 1k followers on twitter compared to 4k on discord
lets bump that up guys and be sure to follow 
tummysalumi  me and you got the same mindset great to hear that preach it!!!
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Why cant cows wear shoes? Because they lactose
are they easy to take care of as a consumer?
Syd Rogers haha rode on my first ebike in california too even though im from nyc
Me too. In bed but not sleeping. Pretending I dont have to get up for work tomorrow
thats some good bread right there
Yea brother. Im super bullish on this whitelist process. Its organic and honestly I first had joined for a spot  the grind.. now Im really hyped on being here and vibing with everyone!
for the most part yes but of course since theyre all chinese bikes there is always occasional issues
ok ok i give it you  that was actually a good one LOL
tummysalumi  yup same here organic growth is best way vibing just makes time go by so quick
no grind here just be active and engage in this community
Why did the walrus lick the envelope?
Because it was looking for a good SEAL!
that is why I licked it I will admit to this
still love it but hate waiting 1 minute to have a convo
you guys still grinding? WL still available for top 200?
This my favorite! Very dad jokey.
Have you heard the gossip about butter?
Actually forget it. I shouldnt spread it.
no grinding here  but yeah the top 200 leaderboard hasnt finished yet but the steaklthshot will be random so be aware of that
No grind here friend. Just vibing with fellow wyverns.
ahhh got it so you just keep hanging out till you get a wl sopt or you get too tired
Any 4 legs one and birds and fishes
doesnt lessen how much I love these and want em tho
agreed we should all be vibing here no grinding haha
just enjoy talking to everyone tbh i forget theirs a WL lol
I feel like Id like hamsters more if they were a little more aware lmao
thats something a grindr would say
Theres a whitelist? What is that?
Who said McDs lol my dinner sorted now
fosho! grinding just takes the fun out of it just have genuine convos with others is the best way
IYKYK Clean  never even heard of that thats crazy
McDs or KFC? KFC for me any day
Please give me the exact equation to WL zone lol
thats like literally everything except bugs
VeroSolo actually didnt end up getting mcd lmao cool you remembered
yo come on when the admins search my messages up they gonna be impressed stop blowing up my spot
we road the bus together to high school
I cant with both of them they end up both hurting my stomach at the end of the day theyre deadly haha
damn i gotta finish up my hw tho
I am more like popeyes type of person
What did the sandwich say to the doorman?
almost in that rank brodasss lets gooo
blob fish actually my gmail pfp lmao
RYU namanam come on homie hamsters prob cant even remember faces
if it was popeyes there would be an argument but mcdonalds would def win
the one and only fillet o fish!
Yep! I posted a huge french fries in your honor. Other fast food? 
ThePunter  McDs all day. Especially if that happy meal toy is 
what fastfood should i grab for lunch tomorrow
accounting. know anything bout that?
Is having late lunch now and still typing
whats the dateline though? like top 200 can always change
shell probably come around later. youll recognize her i think
kfc got nothing better than popeyes tbh mcdonalds got the most goated fries
Damn we dont have them here in Aus
since I was a kid Im a sucker for their drumsticks
awh no exact dateline yet its tba but keep up the work and itll pay off yeah top 200 is always changing 
xohu  stay here cave 2 is where its at
Just had a virtual hearing this morning. Starting my weekend this afternoon. Lol. Any weekend plans guys?
But I guess they are better at marketing or something hahah they are definitely are commonly foundknown though they dont taste as nice
When will top 200 get the roles?
theres a time and place for kfc fried chicken but popeyes stay goated until I eat too much popeyes
wow you still in here. did you take a break?
yeah i guess after we reach top 200 we have to maintain it
what they know about organic growth
Yo whats happening in this chat?
Where im from we dont have popeyes sadly. So have to do it with kfc and mcD
good job man. the grind pays of
but popeyes is opening soon here
yeah im an accounting major what class you takin rn
But I still like Popeyes more haha
dont forget boys all of us came in here natuarally httpstwitter.comCosmicWyvernsstatus1453970010691424262 organic growth is key!!!!!!!!
beeper  its like i never left ive been waiting for you to come back
superwasheddevil yup thats the idea remember mods are actively watching the chat selecting those who are active and helping in the community so its not all about being top 200
popeyes biscuits are good but only with bev sometimes I dip em in lemonaid or the mash
ThePunter yer buggin kfc not that good
just chilling vibing I think everyone is hungry hahahaha
new tweet! make sure to follow tweets
Damn maybe I need to try new options lol
love this cant wait for whats to come for this project
kucas very bold kucas thats a very large work load how are you liking it
Whats the current meta now to getting to the top?
i too eat them dry we just built diff
well im back. had to finish up work and then dinner with the fam. how you been?
yo im actually accounting major rn too finna feed into big4 after college
tamagoyaki people who can eat dry popeyes biscuits and still enjoy em are different fr
I need to try this popeyes I always here of
this server is second family right? lol
haha facts KFC isnt all that crazy imo people love that stuff tho ill occasionaly get like a famous bowl but thats about it 
Angelmisa   this isnt a game haha just vibing and intereacting with the community is more than enough 
beeper  doing great tonight hey glad to see you got some things done before coming to discord 
their chicken sandwich is bomb af
Sometime i think about my life and mistery  dm so sad
havent gotten to busy season yet but hopefully i dont get too depressed with these 60 hour workweeks that are coming up. what line of work are you in?
Yeah its good actually! You should try one day!
Yeah never had popeyes either but seems super popular in the USA
arent you like a calisthentics mega athlete or something
Gorrie no way you actually aint ever heard of popeyes
kucas going into auditadvisory dual program
we dont know it just keep active and engage here guys
Nothing much  just chillin here with you guys!
Lol i litterally just got off of league
I will when I am in the U.S none in Australia
oh yup def try some popeyes if you never tried it i always love to try new food places might seem a lil scary to try new things but it doesnt hurt 
tummysalumi  i do like chic fila more tho honestly lol
kucas wow sounds like a lot im sure you can handle it im pursuing business management we will see where it takes me
damn exit opps probably look great for you
hey kucas nice to see you here!
I hope so lmao hope I dont burn out before I hit at least 2 years
Ahhhh I see. They have a few outlets in Asia too. Maybe you can try out next time when travel is safe 
yea chick fil a waffle fries are crazy  .
they do crazy business I think there is crack in their chicken
KFC is the go to here in Australia
yeh now that asleep i can hang200
Im from the netherlands my good sir
anyone had jjs chicken and fish
Yeah bro I hear it everywhere sounds amazing tbh
Very nice! Love your Doodle BTW!
what are the hip fast food places in the netherlands
VeroSolo actually never tried jollibee
them waffle fries are heaven no fries can beat em i love that ur able to get lots of sauces too  and theyre pretty fulfilling
beeper  yup great you have you back in here 
Chiken n fish u ueat both? Must be so full
dam i almost forgot about the chick fil a sauce. their damn sauce is so good
I keep hearing about this place but I have never seen one. Now when I do I will def be stopping there lol
whats good my brotha hows furballs
ico good luck with that! you still in college?
Syd Rogers 3 years and we gucci
v1  waffle fries i will have to say five guys fries are better in my opinion
best sauce of any fast food is between mcd sweet  sour or wendys sriracha sauce
yummy should getting them tomorrow!
Taco bell is decent not the best tho
Uhhm we got mcD kfc five guys. Taco bell too i think. But we got a lot of like small snack bars where we can get our fast food from
doin good! was grateful enough to get furry og yesterday
Their twisted cinnamon crunch i every time
I am getting it tonight I reckon but still undecided
five guys is type overrated I like in and out more even tho I only had it in la like twice
Dr.Gino  I used to not like taco bell but their chipotle melts are so good
lets go! i just finished my homework now i can chat all night haha
i just woke up and i havent had breakfast yet lol
ouuu i forgot about five guys yes they do be hitting to they give a lot too lol  ask for a small theyll dump a large scoop for you in the bad
tummysalumi  their sauce be so damn good but i get tired of it quick so i switch over to a diff sauce
TylerTakesATrip  still here like i never left haha
Be patient my friend and check announcements for the latest news
good morning Vaansh whats for brekkie
you did things in the correct order good job homie
Im hungry mate i want chicken nuggets
five guys just hits different especially the fries. gonna try to catch up on some sleep peace everyone !
Syd Rogers still havent been to five guys even tho its been around for a few years now
I dont even wake up in time for breakfast lmao last time I had breakfast was like a month ago
Jollibee pretty good. Id say not as greasy as KFC but not as Cajuny as Popeyes. 
TheWalrus057  not sure if theyre all over yet but if theyre big enough to have Funko pops of the mascot must be pretty big chain
Is in n out better than shake shack?
Its like a tortilla but indian lol
Like stuffed naan if that makes sense to you
damn im pretty close to level 11 what level are all at?
yes sir cause i only have 3 hours a day to focus on this server haha too busy in real life
i like the bbq ranch polynesian buffalo basically every sauce lol 
cw keep pushing you gon make it keep active and interacting 
yeah that is def a sign of scale I will be on the lookout lol
Somehow I dun feel joliibee is that good..
nice dude im tryna get furry og too but i got a lil burnt out over there so im just in here chillin haha hopefully i get it soon but it looks bleak i been typing like 10 paragraphs in a day
Cave 2 is much better then hearing grind grind grind lol
ehh 5 guys worth a try like once at least its like okay
VeroSolo Ima try they jollibee spaghetti next time Im back in nyc
cw tbh aint even keeping track of levels seems like people actually wanna have convos rn at this time
Bet say less. We gettin high in the cave?
Eko  cave 2 is vibiing the night away
congrats man good job on coming out to be a furry 
yeah this is cave 2. its for cool wyverns only
Damn sounds gross lol but I dont like mushrooms hahaha
i feel ya man !  just gotta chill out for a little bit b4 going at it !
i feel it! im just curious haha it just shows how far you come!
Oh we getting smashed in the cave!!
they might have to make  cave 2 a private chat we too loyal here
nice! ive been OG for like a week and a half i think i give up on trying lol
ayy dont skip on those meals brother
Yeah five guys is a bit too greasy for my tasting.
Man im so annoyed that I found this projectonly yesterday! but we Mooovveeee!!
yessir this is the cool cave cool cave 2 tops 1  you can have actual convos in here
IYKYK Clean  we too loyal haha  cave 2 exclusive to us for now i dont think much people know about it
cave 2 finna get flooded in the noons again with random hustlers
Vaansh Ill eat breakfast just for you tomorrow
bruh me and tee were like neck and neck in levels and then she got it and i didnt and i was like fk this sht bruh
I almost slipped in their bathroom once bc their floors were mad oily
Dont need to work hard just be a part of the community
oooh five guys is bomb af it is really greasy though lol
its nice to actually have reliable convos in here tbh
thats nice to hear lots of furball fam here  
damn i feel ya kucas sometimes random who he chooses
Lol. Eeep Ive never actually had the spaghetti. I try to just stick to a placed main specialty.... In this case the fried chicken.
yeah i only just joined few hours ago got lots to catch up
dont they say five guys has the best cheeseburger?
Ooh good info. I was thinking if 5 guys is nice before seeing these texg
yeah their food be super greasy thats why i stay away from them but everything else is good there
IYKYK Clean  yup it does kinda move fast but youre still able to have actual convos in here
You guys cracking me up with the memes content! 
Its all safe with a doctor around !
Personally I prefer shake shack
their milkshakes are just like any other milkshake tbh either its nothing special or Im a hard guy to please
VeroSolo  their spaghetti not good?
London bridge is falling down falling down
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend  yo bro let grind
Have u guys tried the milk bar shake shack collab
doing well perusing the various channels of this server there is a lot of content here already
facts man its all about the community 
lets get it done then hopefully its not too late!
Whos handing out the cave 2 roles? 
Good! Having lunch and feel really full
shake shack is lit Id put it on the same level as in and out but in and out gives me way cleaner vibes
Seinic what time is it where youre at rn?
Not too bad would say is worth a try!
Keep trying your luck with the giveaways guys! What if the one time you decide to skip it was your winning chance!
yup 100 just vibin and interacting with the community is more than enough
U gotta spare kidneyheart at home!??
just got back from my shower how are my late night friends doing?
How we all doing lads and lass?
Yeah I think giveaways is my best chance
any alpha project you guys following atm ?
wow  i think they keep picking wl every hour since i left for 2 hours already 5 pp got wl
fur balls  similar to wyverns 100 wl
Dr.Gino you actually a doctor tho or what let a homie know
nah trust me theres thousands of spots to around for whitelist being top 200 or even just being active and engaging with the community is enough as mods are handpicking those doing that
Cool! I have not tried in and out before dont think it is available at where I stay Singapore. Will make it a point to try it when I have the opportunity!
Man sleeping is detrimental for this WL. Dropped 30 ranks overnight
Haha keep it! IL need it when I get shot like 50cent
Played 1 and 2 but havent played anything after that
Yeah legit just have this as my all in project chill in here and vibe
Good brotha looking to jump in here and check things out.  Project description sounds dope.
thanks man how has your day treated you?
first rule about cave 2 is you dont talk about cave 2
ah u should catch up brother it gets so better
another giveaways going on everyone
giveaways TIME! Make sure you guys join in for easy whitelist opportunity best of luck!! 
I think I missed furball already haha been in that server for quite sometimes but still miss their wl chance
man only one winner in giveaway
hope we win this brotha Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend
heard singapore kinda hard with crimes is that true
Yeah good thanks mate just having a beer kicking back Vibing in the chat
btw guys check out giveaways  rn there is one rn that ends in about 15 mins!!!!!!!
i see the pic change i like it Ryu Vibe 
goodmorning btw cheng  great to have you back 
Lol we all know cave2 are for winners!
have you been to signapore before i wanna visit one day
Guys make sure to enter the giveaway in giveaways
Yeah bro just joined before sick project
thanks i just joined !! i hope one of us win
you just gotta be active in the chat like here in wyverns its not too late yet
guys dont forget to check giveaway!
AlarmAlarmEveryone checkout giveaways AlarmAlarm
thanks brotha appreciate it wgmi! 
GL to everyone in the giveaway Dance
na Im tryna go tho did go to singapore in maplestory tho 
Been watching cut scenes and game play on the tube the latest one looks dope af
LOLOLOL that brings me throwbacks those were the good ol days when me and my buddy would play maplestory everyday 247
Never had it or heard anything about the spaghetti.  But for milkshakes I like shake shack.
I played maplestory all through middle school and high school ms was the bomb back in the day before they released mad random extra stuff
havent even checked yet i lost track of time lol ill be sure to check later tho 
sub zero  maple stories was the good ole days really brings back memories
U too Broo!! Good luck everyone
only 1 winner i think Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend
 haha cheers mate where are you from?
Yup would say we are strict but fair 
whats the different between cave 1 and cave 2?
not much just different channel
honestly been here for awhile and cave 2 is alot more chill!
what would the punishment for possession of marijuana
just so people have another place to talk because its hard to keep conversations in one chat with a bunch of people doing the same
meh i just watched my sister play but i kinda played yeah lol  she would always buy those cash cards for in game currency lol
Theres just less people on here so youll get recognize a lot more people
Ooo. Thats tough I try not to indulge too much but I just had one from Black Tap in Anaheim.....sooooo good. Very thick and creamy.
Hi kucas . I was lost after I sent the message. Hahaha spinning eyes as many messages came in after hahahah
Good luck to everyone on the raffle
oh yeah them cards were a big scam lol
best wishes to everyone on giveaway !!
Cave 2 is just a huge vibe thats all
ahh i see so its the same hahaha thanks man!
good luck to you i hope i win. sooooo tiered..
you got some of that good good on you?
Pat  haha yeah chat moving kinda fast rn
Thanks! Good luck to you too bruh
man facts but if it made her character look sick and as long as she was hapooy lol  i used to buy those runescape membership cards back in the day haha
With my luck not going to happen lol
Singapore punishment for crimes are on the fair side.. I will consider other countries to be more slack on crimes p
Yeah giving me some Kaiju vibes
maybe I do have some of that good good on me   aint weed tho
nope i just google it. it looks awesome. i like how its in a bottle lol
Welcome back! Have I been here that long?
yup 100 bro not too hard to read all conversation
no problem man glad i can help. do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
Hi satoshill . Im doing great! Its Friday or rather FRIYAY in my part of the world. Its 1441 hours and in a couple of hours I off work! 
yeh i dont have great luck either but sombody gotta win might as well be you!
havent been to cave 1 in a damn minute
Isnt there a chewing gum ban in singapore
haha cave 1 is more aggressive than here
cave 1 just flies by so fast hard to have a conversation with somebody
whts the difference between cave 1 and 2
Drugs related offence is take quite seriously here
cave 2 is for VIPS cave 1 is for normies
im so glad i got into nfts for real i was so skeptical at first
Yup thought so thats why I havent played since number 2 been xbox all the way after that haha
I tried going back to cave 1. Turned my ass right back around and came back here 
nothing just another place for people to hold conversations because cave 1 gets congested
IMXApe GUH777 BearX doing great man. Im bout to go to sleep. Wbu?
yesssir thats what ive been before LOL cave 2  cave 1 ong
not much of a difference fur fam but imo cave 2 is more chill and you can have actual convos in here
I joined a few days ago but didnt have time yet to really dive into this community. 
I hope that in the unrealistic scenario where i win the raffle i dont get disqualified
So this Is this the more chill channel
Yes Friday afternoon with beer nothing beats that! 
they usually reroll the winner if they arent active cry
i like here haha chill and we can also talk to people
Wow goodness me i just woke up on my way to the internship you are out here chilling sheessh
6 minutes to go praying now haha
on god bruh be holding onto that belief till the day i die
Both caves are alright with me infor from cave 2 to cave 1 back and forth!
Syd Rogers you drinking on a thursday night?
be sure to also have atleast 10  messages to qualify for a win for the giveaway 
Nahhh not grinding g. Just chilling
yeah or they gonna think you a bot
this is the most immersed ive been in a community ever tbh
yea better here than cave 1 hahaha cant even read the chat
when it happens it w be glorious lol
ngl sometimes I be drinking a bit on thursdays but I keep my grades up you know the vibes
Oath! Tunes going bbq cranking beers flowing top Friday!
Rage channel is hilarious hahah
yup i dont think much people know about that LOL
i been to australia a couple of times
Something is happening now at giveaways right? All the best everyone
Can I just post my fan art here hahaha  25 min too long cd
yeah bro make sure to react to the message
DAMN since when was there a cave 2
what are you doing during the day ?
cave 1 for the hustlas out here
Andrew27 Space Apes  they all taste the same to me tbh
Is Australia opened up yet? Can Americans visit?
bee boop  i might be just advanced ai bot with pre programmed messages
Thanks mate I did. You? Im in both caves and I got lost just hahaha
I dont just want to spam shit in here but i think 10 should be doable
wow technology has grown so much ! glad to meet you
we dont need no robuts round here
Im more of a 5 seltzers kinda guy Andrew27 Space Apes  like a white claw trulys or twisted tea
best of luck everybody! hope luck is on our side
Heyhey bro! Glad to see you in here mate
yeah 10 is def doable and spamming isnt needed  great to hear that your actively interacting with others instead  thats the best way to get to know the community
good luck everyone giveaways dont miss out
Ah okie I tot needed green to post pic
you see how every one is laughing at you?
honestly going to have to agree with you but dont mind coronas or michelobs
uhhh does that make any sense? maybe ill try that
Best of luck in the giveaway lads PES2BritishTea
hey man a homie just tryna chill out here
people in chill cave dont chat with me i love this cave better!!
Last few minutes to join the giveaway!
the gas is back to normal. thanks god
it fluctuates so wildly sometimes
Wooooo. Now what should I buy?!
I think our group is in most good projects hahaha 
v1 yeah i think thats more of the way to go! To many servers are just full of crap LFG spams and it just scares people away
true big part why im in this cave 99 of the time
good luck to everyone on the giveaway  praying for all of you
giveaways only a minute left. Best of luck to everybody
One think Ive learnt from cave 1 is that its possible to make conversation once u get used it!!
beer aint that good lowkey an acquired taste. Its like ok now better tasting than any hard alc out there
Ive not won anything in ages! Something today would make it a brilliant weekend for me!
crazy how theres a couple hundred of us active on this!
was the team planning on doing an invite contest of some sort for either wl or free mints?!
same here bud! hope we get it! if not this one at least ne next
at least its under 200300gwei and thats normal for me hahaha
Definitely! Got a good group of lads thats for sure!
def a preferred taste i usually stick to seltzers too
Hey cave 2. Im new here and feeling out which cave feels like home. What makes cave 2 the best cave?
Good luck to those who joined the giveaways
Nothing wrong with seltzers they yummy and light.
wow crazy to think we went from 19 whitelisted to over a hundred ina day gotta give the team an applaud for handpicking those days individuals that deserve whitelist 
highkey an acquired taste you should try some ipas
Ima be real with you I dont even know what craft beer is
IYKYK Clean 5 only Ive tried 8 white claw and Id rather drink vodka
LETS HOPE MAN WE THE HYPE caveee forreal hahaha
Yup not an easy task but they are doing a great job!!
my guy Fate entered with WL already 
Gas a tad higher than usual but better than it was 8 hours ago
That one adventure fused us together
I shoot for sub 60 but lately that has been a unicorn lol
Have u tried nectar hard seltzer?
Yes so true. Ive going back and forth bertween here and Cave1. I will soon go mad trying to respond or worse still responding wrongly hahahaha
forget his messages theres nothing wrong with lurkers hes just already got WL
they neeeda reroll why OG react hahaha what a troll
yeah cave 1 too fast chill cave no one respond to u cave 2 the best
whats the slowest and highest now?
Yeah gas is really way too high these days. It need to calm down!
looks like one of the OGs won yay congrats!!!! seemeeko  no both of us will be next haha jk everybodys time will come eventually just gotta let things come naturally
Most damn stressful nightmorning of my life! But was fun as hell! Haha still spewing we didnt get it tbh lol 
Huhh really? Is that possible? lol
I like their lychee flav the best
congrats ! Fate  what are the chances haha
Imagine winning that got to be the best feeling
Yup you can enter even if you are whitelisted
Haha keep the patience you will get it bro
good for that guy but well i wish it was me lol
i hope they reroll to give everyone a fair shot haha
Ethereum Gas Tracker  Etherscan
Gas Snapshot Price at 10292021 65306 AM UTC  Low 126 gwei  Avg 127 gwei  High 130 gwei
I knew it that the winner is from cave2
i mean he did press join the raffle
Oh wow! Thats really quite alot! 
But that shows me that you can just be a normal lad and have fun here to make it and dont habe to be some super human drawing a 4x4m painting
surely pass the luck over to me AHAH
Wohooo we are now at 5008 members!!!
congrats on winning OG  whitelist list now you get 10 wyverns
And hopefully the next winner will be form cave 2 again! 
On that note goodnight cave 2! Hope to see some of you looking green tomorrow!
Guys please update me if theres a reroll
what are they gonna do if hes already OG?
whos getting sappy seals? pretty good deal rn
happy 5k guys!!!! big so to the team ShihTzu MagnusDrake
Wow 5k members guys this is insanee !!!!   
i saw giveaway and i stayed up lolol
its quieter now lots of people gone to sleep
just realized we hit that milestone lets goo!!!!!!!!!
ding ding! I knew it was about to happen
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend  how come u didnt win raffle haha
lets go 5k members thats insane organic growth
iono im just here chattin bout whatever
Going to be very successful project
lolol dw you got WL soon bro u mad nice
cant invade us with one person what kind of invasion is this 
This chat is a little more manageable
Just got back from a long day at work what about you guys? 777  SARKAR
Yup which makes it even more amazing! Imagine if we have some contest or influencer mention this will be on fire!!!
nahnah u got it too i hope u sleep well
So I hear mate! Anyways both caves are alight in my opinion but I get replies here. Guess Cave 1 is too happening hahahaha. Thanks for replying everyone
its gonna happen just a matter of time
who gotta wake up for a job tomorrow
almost lv 13 then i go to sleep zz
the one in uwu crew for holding an uwu is my favorite. ive made so much off of
i just think its crazy how there is so much hate in the world and once a likeminded community gets out together  feels like normalcy
yeah lots of people gone to sleep we can all now have conversation
will there be more raffle for booster ?
Okay yall going to sleep pray that I dont get kicked out of 200 kekw
Ohkay mate I jst woke up 2 hrs back !! 
So what donu think abt this project my frnd ?
goodnight brotha and good luck to you P
Im just about to finish work what do you do?
Not me thankfully. It like 9 AM here and just about to go to sleep
are we gonna have more raffle or trivia today ?
Yup those who put in the effort will be rewarded I trust!
hahah you can always come back later and stronger after your much needed rest
i dont think theres one specifically for boosters
wishing goodluck to yall hassaan CharlesVFs
damn are most of you guys PST?? 3am here surprised so many are up
LOL its me myself and I we will take over!
Wheres the Halloween parties at
he was busy grinding and lost track of time lol
More sleep the better cant hate on that
Yeah i was a bit sick yesterday so i sat at home doing nothing. And when you do nothing you dont really get tired so i stayed up
Haha very true! This is a marathon not a sprint!
every single school probably throwing something
all the green names went to sleep lool
100 hold a vibe for a long time without spam and we will get there
absolutely slow and steady wins the race
nah im right with you here brotha
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend  oi are we gonna have dinner later
Its good that all presale mints
To Cosmic friends from are from parts of the world where its bedtime Goodnight. And to some good morning a good afternoon and Good evening. To those who are at the end of Friday like me have a brilliant weekend ahead!
Exactly! Plus we are in for the long term!
covid didnt get you any work from home privileges?
Even after the 1 min slow mode n 2 chat chnls chat is mooving fast guyz
its evening for me finally got time to grind before heading out for dinner
Oh yeahh but i work in a super market and i got school. But im free today
Not grinding enjoy the vibe lets cancel the grind
whats the demographic like in here ?? 
what u doing famm any new people here ? any question just askk
Hahaha yes! So I was suggesting to have to a cave 3 soon!
life is getting so wild lately I think aliens will land soon hahahaha
biology and medical laboratory research
jeez man thats crazy ! always wanted to visit there
24 hours later and we may be 10k members already!
been lacking in hobbies recently wbu?
Yeah true we have 5k people now
Yeahh i be making beats here and there. A  bit gaming drawing
cut hair here and there as a hobbie practiced on a bunch of homies
No grinded needed when there is massive vibe lol
Cave 3 will happen as soon as we hit 6k members! Else crash!
Wow ur eyes so fast can read all
how long has the activity comp been active?
Bbq is a cranking should have some nice bbq ribs ready to be devoured in about 2 hrs
nicee what kinda cuts you do? fades or you cut longer hair?
the discords only been up for 2 days hahaha
Probably in a few hours we will hit 6k! But I think maybe the team will close the discord soon as well? Not sure
Bo doubt broo n we no need to rush 
Its all organic growth no invite shit
ye i think cause i have 34 inch monitor  that helped a  lot
you put your music on youtubesoundcloud?
Ryu Vibe skin fade one trick right here
its really not that bad here some servers 30k spamming literally everyone is typing something just to earn xp no one is chatting to each other
o wow where was the random surge of members from
But im really going to sleep now. Good luck everybody imma see yall tomorrow
egg tart yeah man but i dont really post on there anymore. I was tryna up my skill before i started posting again
i keep checking the count and its gradually going up at this hour which is insane
Dr.Gino lets make a beat ive been producing for like 4 years ! wbu?
Yeah someone must be shilling in a large server
thats alot  without even inv quests
Seems like after giveaways the chst cools off a tiny bit
Hope that this Shib hype does to fkn gas price
Should defs do it once all this covid crap settles down its a beautiful place where are you from?
That would be insane! We will easily become the most exclusive discord ever
Yes people deserving it! Youll get it
I doubt shib will die anytime soon..
I been making for like a year or 2 now
all rigth fellas its time to sleep
Exclusive will be good too actually! Quality over quantity!
ugive me some luck from u bro  haha
Its really strict in aus right?
yoo wait fate you on  the OG whitelist and won the giveaway whitelist? 
Dr.Gino nice bro you got a soundclooud or anything?
Idm  got in here early and it blown up
coming out of it good in the part i live
Yup! That would be an absolute blast! I hope the devs explore the idea
agreed as much I regret I have to admit it there is too much money in it now
dang what its like 307 here in ny it be way past anyones bedtimes
as ive seen from pics ! im from united states new jersey 
egg tart take a quick google search about it  big seminar 
Andrew27 Space Apes i was talking about the whole discord count haha but yes ! both of our times soon
I guess all of our recent hobbies are nfts
we going places with wyverns hehe
Subhra hello great to see whitelisted members still active hows it going
Haha yes things move so quickly here!  Congraya btw! 
Yeah man but i dont post on there anymore. I wanted to get much better first before i started uploading anything agian. But i might drop something soon
I shall come back to  this cave hi yall
Nah QLD bro hahaha we havent been hit yet
yes bro we both live in ny we talked about this before you know youre sounding like a real bot rn
what you finna eat for lunch homie. lemme get some inspo for when I wake up
Dr.Gino  what genre music you be making tho
kucas I forgot for a sec just checkin man
Some of the states are yeah Queensland has been pretty chill through most of it
nice bro probably a good ideam get a bit better then post it
goodnight man it was nice having you here hope to see you again tmmr good luck on the law exam be sure to study a good amount
CharlesVFs  no grind here just being active and engaging with the community is more than enough
alright back to the better cave what up wyverns
haha all good going to sleep soon brodie?
nothing just having chill U bro
trying to keep up with  the grind X
not much struggling to get this packed while I type hahahaha
Wow is that a tv? Lucky u have huge monitor.. we good with 2 caves thenn..
Yeah stuff that! What you doing up so early haha
you are rewarded for being early 
Go to bed hahaha not healthy to stay up
wow we came back at the same times great minds think a like welcome back 
tkz123456  community and project is gon far having high hopes
Yes mate this server is exploding 
just chilling bro gonna start up a new show rn and j relax
Yup and I would say we are still early too!
I usually sleep at mad off hours so this is kinda normal for me
Dr.Gino you ever catch trap nation stealin yo beats? 
it not tv bigger screen monitor only and actually u can turn it vertical to get this chat feel more slower
Yeah in here oso looks so many bots spaming better looks for them to
Hey Im walkin ere first thing I think of everytime I hear new jeresy 
 nah never. Hope that never happens either
oo dang nice im close ish to  top 100 once i hit lv 13 then i go to bed
uhm lol? i was actually at rank 37 earlier hahahaha
Going to be tough holding a spot that is for sure
there was one 2 random booster got whitelist
there are def going to be some but they employ stelf and stand out like sore thumbs for the most part
what show is that i been needing to find a new show to watch asap i pretty much finished all mine have u seen alice in borderlands btw
kucas  haha facts you wake up and your rank has gone down hella
xohu  i like that setting goals rank 13 seems so high lol
anyone into skin care I need some advice rn my mustache type dry rn
Yeah fair call man been there haha
no brother you not safe there lol. they will take your job. you will wake up top 300 tomorrow
im off for dinner now hope u guys have a great afternoon enjoy ur Friday 
Great my frnd m also from India 
used to stay up mad late in high school playing video games and stuff with the homies it was bad in the day but at least my day dont start til later nowadays
ya man its starting to blow up excited for the growth
the giveaway winner is OG already lol why bother clicking if ur already OG hahaha
i heard that one is fire i love k dramas honestly lol my girl got me hooked onto those 
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T  have a good one and be safe 
With a big screen u didnt confuse to see it in long time? I tried 28inch already confuse for playing hahHaha
o wow good to know thanks i might boost now  minse096 
tummysalumi will chat more Salute
What do you do for a biscuit bro?
But ight everybody goodnight.  good luck everybody and stay smooth
Have a good weekend bro! Enjoy!
very good i am from delhi U man
Omg have u watched nevertheless and hometown cha cha cha
yeah but it was only done once so i dont know if they are gonna do it again
not even gon check just gon check wheneveri feel like cmon were not determined by our numbers lol jk lol but like i dont check kinda ruins the excitement 
can we get a F for Sumail  he didnt have 10 messages to win the giveaway
If u saw it u can report to dev
F for sumail maby he busy playin dota
So when u joined in this space ?
Haha we call it soggy sayo here
i dont think so  they just rerolled trust me xohu it ruins the fun when you check often just check like once a day 
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns ima watch that soon thats next on my list
wizard99  congrats on being whitelisted  well deserved
what music yall listening to rn
oooo really . are you spying on me ? LOL
I am new here I dont know much about this space yet
oh im sorry i thought u were referring to wizard99 ya sumail had never once chatted hes probably still sad about losing TI lol
welcome ! i just joined you too 
Ohh bro welcome to the NFT WORLD my frnd so its gonna b ur first project ?
Ahhh Im just out of top 200 gotta keep going!
im still vibing to pop smoke music dont know if u know him but his music slaps
xohu  yeah dont beat urself over ur rank just keep active and engage with the community and youll pass people up like nothing 
tkz123456 rip to sumail he had it all 
o congrats to the new winner !!
team spirit was just too good man that magnus wtf
how are yall in the other cave 
Bahahaha we must pratice speech later we get green bro
I hope we will make it to the top or win from giveaways
wym by that your in cave 2 the best cave vip cave welcome welcome 
SPIDERKid a great first project you decided to get into 
facts man needed the motivation !! prob gotta sign off soon
Wait so wizard99 is also from Cave 2 right?
which one is yours have a nice day
zuckerberg is now a bored ape holder. would you like that if you were a bored ape holder? sneaky ssnek lol
so many people sleeping rn sheeshers
how issit even obvious if i dont spell it out X
Just be patiance my friend its coming really soon hahahahaha
anyone else got work in the morning from east coast
aweee i see yeah be sure to get some good rest im glad my words were able to motivate you 
Syd Rogers  so sad that his other album didnt do so well i bet if he was still alive today that album would be 1 dude was pumping hits out like nothing and at a such a young age RIP pop dude was a straight legend
No sir at that time names were not available
I guess hes bringing in some attention to the space.
bruh I was starting to get into pop smoke and then he died
you will be next to get WL i reckon u really been grinding and help out a lot
that is true without a doubt it could end up being a net positive in the short term
Hope we both can get the wl here 
thats why im kinda glad they havent really released any new mac albums 
kucas around the same here man plus gotta drive 45 min 
alright.. this cave looking a bit dry. brb gonna check out cave 1
I was getting into xxx and he died soon after I was bouta get into juice wrld and he died soon after too 
took awhile for a legit soul to claim
yeah haha but i dont like his meta
But looks like most of aus is opening up next month to international flights
Get some rest broo u already og hahahahaa
dude it was so sad when i heard the news like it was almost like shocking like him out of all names man he was gon put out hits after hits any other fav artist you have
superwasheddevil  ty for the kind words haha im hoping the same for you as well 
IYKYK Clean  facts using peoples name to pump a album so sad
Love this project so far. Praying I make white list or Ill legit cry. Andrew27 Space Apes helping my mate start up an oil buisiness so today was just collecting waste oil from some restaurants. What about you brother ?
whats aus like I never been. is everything actually upside down
yeah bro I will not step foot in his metaverse regardless of what is going on lol
they juiced tf out of X which was sad. any little penny they could get
I will give my best for this project 
Wow is it just recently? Big news!
danggg you work in the office? commute must be balls im lucky to wfh
long away more for me still in the 300 rank..hahahah2
word I be seeing mad emails of new merch for years after he died
kucas dont you ahve work or something
ay slow and steady you got this!!
ooo thats my usual routine okay ! xD
my son got work and still here?
nah just a shop but its in my hometown which i unfortunately moved away from
Is this where the cool kids hangout?
yeah he actually changed his facebook pfp to it tonight
Dont give up bro! We can do this! Will be here to congratulate you when you get the green name! 
Cos no work is the usual routine p
dont you have school you lil youngin
tummysalumi respect the hustle bro
man these companies just wanna make money off their names industry is so corrupt
superwasheddevil  hey not a long way from 200  keep up the good work still  slow and steady wins the race
kucas  no class fridays Im too old for that
same to u!! but will be a long journey i am sure
Art looks like Kaiju therefore I love it so much. If I can mint I cant wait to start staking and earn some BREATH. KuroJPEG pray to the wayverns we do 
just chillin hanging out for a little bit b4 i got to bed
grind dont stop. i like that. i aint going nowhere either
Wow amazing stuff. Will likely see more interest in nft moving forward?
lets go i wish i knew what that was    haha
i see you guys implementing the big message to  multiple people kucas Syd Rogers  its a good method to get your message across haha 
it be lookin slow again in cave 2 rn
my eyes are doing some funky ish rn but i just hate to see it all go away by morning
just joined to this community and this is great
tummysalumi takes a grinder to respect a grinder i respect you
I wish thats why I wanna get this cause I loved the art for Kaiju was actually the main reason I wanted it so hopefully I get this one cause I think I like the art a bit more tbh
Yes we have a 1 minute timer here
Yo what blue chip would you guys pick
nice man looks like i convinced you to stay
Yea same here! We both shall make it brother!
whoops replied to the wrong person ! thats good bro 
got mad homies to talk to you feel me
undoubtedly people who have no idea what an NFT is will be forced to learn when they log in and everyone is showing them and the news is covering it
This and Twitter integration gonna be massive for pfp space
Yes we are minimart open 24hours
Amazing stuff! Glad that we are all early here!
LOL heyy fur fam didnt even realize i learned it from there
kimjj  be sure to get some rest dont tire yourself out from engaging with the community
Syd Rogers i feel you lol i wanna get back to everybody
imma go beat my shit bro im stressed
yo whats up egg tart you back in this?
Indeed brother I love passive income 
lmaoo thats a good way to relieve it 
it be getting cold inside rn anyone else
whatchu mean homie i was never out of it
just when i thought I escaped the timer! lol
Yeah hopefully we can all get it! This project looks super promising! We are early!
hey if you ever need to talk theres a mentalhealth  dont beat urself up over it 
brookzion  we up 247 active communities are the best  even with 5 members messages are zooming
Hey guys taking a break from cave 1
what you stressed about. stay hard
sup man I just came back from cave 1 too u got any hobbies?
fr stay hard!!!! lol kinda sounds funny to say
brookzion be sure to reply to messages or  them so it looks like actual engagements dont want you miss out
Hey Gorrie doing great. how about yourself?
Thanks guys! I cant keep up and keep replying to wrong ppl hah
Cave 2 is the chill zone with proper convo haha
Ill remember you brother we gonna make it
you dont got heat? or you saving bread like that lul
im talkin about beating my meat bro but good looking out lol i appreciate it
Yea how I wish x.x no work  eat grass
Good brother! about to make another coffee lol
What kind of meat you tenderizing? Im hilarious
yup thank God I mine eth in my living room cold temps are my friend lol
but seems if OS finds out abt a project offering passive income it can lead to bad endings!
Rem to put next mth salary into TIME haha
heat aint turned on yet it was 80 degrees last week
Sup fam!! Glad youre on the WL fam. Hows everything?
Lets make it together fam  MEEKARI its fine the devs never mentioned passive income the utility is actually for a game they are partnering with
facts i can see that youre new to cave 2 and youre loving it so far great to have you here 
Beny  awe i see now well dont beat your meat over it haha!!!!
TheWalrus057  i love a cold room  ima be honest i sleep naked in a cold room with a blanket and with a fan on haha i just love having the fan on
cold rooms are easier to sleep in
Haha and if the weather is not cold you have a sauna in your living room
anyone else just laying in bed typing hahah
bro I must start investing into eth mining! can DM me your specs and min cost to start?
Yeah new to the project bro havent seen a community this active with low members it is crazy. Organic
Yea no dev are gonna mention passive income..
Brother thr is no financial use of the token 
So I dnt think we have to worry abt it
yeah here is better i mean its one minute per XP given anyway so might as well chill here
nah im about to head to bed tho
Sup AP hope you were able to navigate through the server. WL is still available.
my shit be shrinking up in the cold deadass
Earlier I am haha Ive just woke up earlier hbu?
yeah Id be happy to tell you more about it
yup thats me rn laid back and just chilling
ThePunter  hell yeah organic growth is the best way for a community to grow im glad the project is taking this route
Sounds good brother  WE ALL GONNA MAKE IT !!
eth mining? is that legal now?? or ilegall?
yea thats what I thought too. Maybe those who outright says so will get into trouble. Thanks for clarifying
Yea I checked it out saw the WL options. Lot of grinders lol
Yeah and prefer to have a decent convo anyway!
ive just been on discord on my phone all day 
IamEvaa  Ryu ready to go to bed so the opposite !
Low mint count  pure wl  win win
already skaked more than i eat already X lol
whats everyone doing rn outside of discord
nice!! coffee is always good. where are you from?
bro it gets so crazy I have found if I dont watch it the temp increases slowly enough its like my body doesnt react to it I have to go outside to get fresh air my sweat response just doesnt get activated lmao
Yep will be so good love to see it
cant believe 5k 2days so organically thats insane to me
Its like a kaiju n cyber kongz !! 
yeah been here since the start 
yup dont treat it as a grind tho just keep active and engaging with the community and youll get there in no time
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  yeah its insane for sure its only been 2 days and weve grown this fast sooner or later were gon be at 20k
I ve always wanted to start but I am bad at setting things up! Plus weather here is freaking hot 247365 in Malaysia. I ve prepared a cold room for it though lol
Just cooking some food for breakfast haha hbu?
Yeh its great no invite WL or anything beautiful community we got too everyone super nice
whats the coldest its been in malaysia
IamEvaa  Ryu just listening to music
yeap gotta grind for that WL. I believe there will be no public sale so all for Whitelisters only. good grind my man.
hahaha yessss.. this is awesome i love it too...
same same been here for almost 40 hours now but its been a blast
invite whitelists just get too overinflated IMO organic is the best way
Yup thats what Makes it fair and exclusive!
everything is good bro. more and more ppl are getting into the whitelist ! 
How are you guys having white list
Ooh what music are you listening to?
2426 if we get some cold breeze from north like from Bangkok. Or at the highlands 18
Nice!! Im from the States. California to be exact.
youre already ahead of the curve if you have a cool room to start mining in. Tbh cpu is not a great limiting factor you can get by on very low end processors the real investment comes in the form of GPUs but with ETH2 on the horizon its tricky determining when eth mining will cease. ROI concerns and all
whats up man how was the rest of your night w the homie who has the rs3?
you still gonna message this chat at slander right?
ayy nice always wanted to visit
yeah cant do it when i have to think of something random to type for XP
ya leaving me already nooooo we was suppose to go forever i already know when people say they going to bed they going to bed and hr later LOL
Is anyone trying to get on mint for Art Wars? the epic stormtrooper helmet art NFTs by different artist like damien hirst
Fellow Californian I didnt know that
lmao yea im just saying that now gonna go brush teeth
Awesome! yes WL count is growing. Cant wait to be a part of this community. Thanks fam!! Where are you from?
i dont eat somemore i think can float le X hahaha
i swear it gets like 1020all winter here haha 
caleb whats up man! great to hear from you. it wasnt too bad  just drive to get some E and did some draggy runs on the way home. we were looking for races but couldnt find none
u mean other than NFT? lol i like reading and playing with my guitar
of course... will be there in spirit
I had a tornado about 15 miles from me last night lol weather be crazy
Lol meaning ur food budget per mth is lower than others
noo bro u cant go yet they gonna take ur job
Im cooking some eggs and some chicken breast 
epic you gonna have af un time too
Good to hear fam! Yeah the count is growing. Thanks fam!! Where are you from my man?
thats great for mining! we are averaging 3032 daily except if it rains by the buckets! Drizzle just makes its worse as it steams up the hot grounds up! humid af
yup def growing quick thousands of wl spots to go around still  were still in the  early stages of this project 
TheWalrus057 glad to hear that youre safe tornadoes are scary im from cali and i cant even imagine how those are
tummysalumi be sure to brush them teeth every day and night gotta keep em cavities to a 0
ill come bck in a couple hours and get it back no problem
Just chilling with the misso wby bro?
IamEvaa  Ryu man thats kinda delicious sad to say Im allergic to all of it
Eggs and chicken breast! Never heard of that combo for breakfast right?
U guys can have hobbies outside of nft? I barely have time to even sleep when nft in my life.
damn ok. thats what I like to hear.
Good morning everyone how are you doing ???
Tornados arent common here never see them haha
oh jeez! havent really done research on mining tbh but will def look into it. seems pretty sick
its 1240am right now. should be asleep but you know gotta love the grind and quality conversation in here. especially making new friends.
yup thats the attitude come back even stronger ill cya later
Seinic man honestly nfts take majority of my time i got buddies in college that had to drop a course cause nfts were literally taking up their life LOL
egg tart i wish you were here with me too
like pretty standard  3 meals per day nothing unusual lol
Theres something outside of NFTs?
yeah i find that hard tbh! but i try to take a break read  book or smthg
Same bro Im not having proper sleep recently all to nft! LFG
do it while eth is still POW cos once eth2 comes around its POS and mining work will be less lucrative! might be wrong but I think thats gonna happe
Im also just chilling having fun
doing good man!!! WE growing real fast
yeah when we have tornado activity during the day it doesnt bother me so much but at night you cant see the damn things
Yeah this is growing so good all organic too
its good to grind now here cos everything on OS is bricking no need to keep monitoring for good deals
Yessir!! You too? sweet!! Yeah no public sale makes this project pretty exclusive. Goodluck my man!!
yeah def going to have to look things up. very intriguing to me really. thank you for the info!
lmao be sure to get some good rest ik nfts are life but get good rest every once in awhile your body needs it!!!
same here bro last 1 month have been nft all the time! You remember how you got started?
true we need a better OS lol. what were you eyeing out for tho? scanz
Well thats good to hear! Hace a nice day ahead of you bro!
Australia man where are you from?
yeah i am not that extreme i just sleep when its my sleeping time if i cant cop or get WL so be it there is always other opportunity
yeah im a powerlifter and this is my meal plan to optimize muscle protein synthesis haha its not too bad tho
Oh nice!! what time is it over there? up to anything today?
sup broo hows doing ready to conquer the cave?
some of the projects dip a lot like groupies for example
hows india going with the pandemic rn
Yes at night its more dangerous
i love indian goat curry so much...
the   is forever watching haha  just keep staying active and engaging with the community 
superwasheddevil thats the way to do it always plenty of opportunities to come around remember its not all bout being top 200  just being active and engaging with the community is simply enough
has anyone had waygu streak before ??
Glad im early. Cant wait to see where this project goes. Said this earlier but thats a sweet looking BAYC fam. the blue hair is dope!!
yup on special occassions. Love it
Yup we are early bro! Exited to see where we can go from here!
NFTs send me down so many rabbit holes man. Dont think I was ready for this 
Yeah its for breakfast Im almost finish cooking it haha
what level are u on now? i am sure u will be next!
thats great to hear! happy everywhere getting back to normal
hell yeah wagyu is amazing but i can only eat so little cause its so fattening
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  curry is top tier fosho i love that sutff
nice!! hopefully no more work trips for you for some time. hahaha
lets see how deep the rabbit hole goes!
Man Im still okay! Quite perfect buddy!
Hahaha it goes forever and ever and ever.was just going to buy a couple I said
this space is so good that i almost forgot about the outside world
plus it can cause heart problems
as long as its profitable then its ok
Im about to pick some pizza and pasta up. Got a dinner for bros bday Im starvinggg
i spent 600 on a piece of gold plated waygu before had to just one time but it was amazing
good bro we opened up last week and it feels good 
Whatsup everyone!! just joined the server! looks like this is gonna flyyy
Nah no bot fam. hahaha. just a regular dude conversating with new peeps.
yes this is very good how is you now
all it takes it one win and its over hahahaha
Oh I did... Man I was totally clueless where to start! Got really no ideas! Thankfully theres a lot of kind people thought me some stuffs!
we are back to normal mostly US here few cases
hahaah why u ask him that? lmao
Lol lets hope ur not one! These boys confusing me
yup glad to have you in here btw were in the super early stages still as you can see we all gon be green trust me 
ThePunter  what timezone are you into be having coffee hmmm 
Graye Hazard  i didnt know that wow i gotta be careful of how much i eat then
IYKYK Clean im pretty sure it was well worth those one time experiences are priceless fosho glad to hear it was amazing 
TylerTakesATrip  gotta try it atleast once in your lifetime
Hahaha yeah definitely taking a few random punts Im bullish about m2m
yessir!! love the SVS pfp fam!! I need to look into them. how are you doing?
545pm lol need it to keep the vibe going all night
means you have corona now is more
ive seen you all day man you must be like top 10 rank lmao
yeah for restaurants and close spaces and stuff
So true! one of my go too meals
Lol cos he sounds extremely well mannered n polite!
Ayee what flavor of pizza are you getting?
Man thats so cool of you! 6 meals understand in your situation tho
v1 yeah this community is great and active. Lots of kind people also
welcome in to this awesomely addictive space
lol whos confusing you. haha. im all human my man. bot cant take me on.
nahh its going down more people are vaxed.
Tried wagyu for the first time this summer orgasmic
pineapple pizza is where its at I dont care what people think lol
Hahaha someone did earlier. My apologies for being a douche
Nice dude. I just had wagyu for lunch too
it was hard getting used to but now its like a habit to eat 6 meals
What to do on weekend any idea?
Being here helps me take away some of the pain from the Ls Im taking in the other nfts
yeah keep at it just positive vibes all throughtout the night
IYKYK Clean  not even close to them lol most of em have tons of messages comparted to me 
Cool Ostrich  yup the community here is great and very active glad to have you apart of it
Seinic  what for lunch must be nice  i would pray for wagyu  for lunch lol thatd be a blessing
Thanks fam!! Trust the ape forsure. I like how you break it down in your comments for each person. hows your day going so far fam?
My body might be giving up but I dont 
bro im taking an L in every NFT rn
Hell yea I also tried in on a sushi roll down in San Diego that was interesting
I shall agree with u. Ignore the haters! If any..
i wanna laugh so bad imagine asking if he is a bot cos he is polite!! hahaha
cant say ive ever had it tho tbh. 
v1 jeez i can only handle so many messages lol hurts a lot
100 percent bro hang arounf a chill out
I love that hawaiian is my favorite
I got moderna twice didnt really react to it
ooo so ur looking to get dips of projects with foundation already? PESInteresting
honestly my nfts are still kinda the same price luckiy
Dunno actually I came home late didnt even know this is what we were having so guess Itll b a surprise hopefully a good one haha
oo yeah hawaiian is really good
How about egg in burger? Yes from me cant believe some dont like it
is that like fried sounds amazing
Hawaiian pizza my favourite too!
6 meals per day is quite a lot tho! Anyway how is it going for you mate?
v1 man really. Hoping for a better future in this community
Egg with anything is good for me love eggs lol
is it time to hit the hay yet or 1  more hour here
BBQ chicken with pineapple goes off its t i t s
yeah thats what i do another one thats cheap now is onchain monkey
no ser its a cattle breed. directly translated means black cow
day was great today majorily hung out with my dog while my girl was at work gon end the night by chatting hopefully the girl doesnt think im cheating lol 
ThePunter  exactly my point just chilling with the community is a whole mood
Cool Ostrich have ya looked at the roadmap yet im waiting to hear who the gaming partner is
Got phizer once got pericarditis from it which kinda sucked. Am better now but have to wait 6 months before taking the second shot so waiting on a medical exemption cause literally need to be double vaxxed to do anything in my city
Bad bro I need to be in more groups like this. Actually no I dont just need this one hahaha
thats insane man jeez what city?
I see. no worries my man. But forreal what time is it over there? haha
Hope ur g bro take care of yourself
Hmm cave2 slowing down? I can see my own chat after 1min now!
Its 1.30 in the afternoon! N where u at?
no kidding! I have heard of that on the news that sucks brother
going to la in november. im hyped
Lol an advice is to avoid those groups that usually req spam invites for whitelist those projects usually dont last so long and do well
Mexican is my fav. I live in Japan so its pretty epic here too
Fr pineapple really fit pizza it makes the pizza a bit sweet 
Melbourne in Australia g KuroJPEG thanks bro feeling better these days was rough first 2 weeks after I got the jab but we good now. Just gotta rest and not strain myself too much for cpl months because apparently it can come back 
wagyu is crazy had it in japan. actually tastes like its melting in your mouth
Yeah I did mate! Gonna check it again later for some review!
8BitLolitas man the marbling on that!
how come we got 2 caves boys XD
yea but i cant eat too much its way to rich for me
Ahh my home city hope youre surviving lockdown okay dude
gotcha gotcha yeah in the states its pretty crazy w vax but only some cities really limit you
yup that hint of sweetness on pizza is great
smeef  good to see that hardwork you did yesterday ended up paying off lol  congrats on whitelist again 
TouchJames  to make it less spammy was a great idea you can actually have convos with people now
What cook do you think is the best for that one?
Yea tried once  oiishiii  hahaha
We just got out finally like a week ago! But we got like 1500 cases a day still  I cant even leave the house without fearing for my life haha
Lol tell me about it. My wife says im on the laptop too much. haha shes right though. but im doing some crypto stuff so shes good with it. as long i can give her some of my time shes fine. i should be asleep but i live for this. hahaha. where you from my man?
I hear you man my mum and sister bailed to Byron bay
theres an ayce wagyu place in nyc its 150 I felt so fat after...
Yeah to complement the sour tomota paste!
Medium rare with a peppercorn sauce
that sounds like something everyone should try
wait how much wagyu did they let you eat
i would like to try some a5 wagyu one day
hahaha..gonna have to start taking walks again! been a lazy ass for a month
Yeh bidon calmed down a bit recently haha cryptodad86 Byron bay so beautiful man
jesus did everyone have wagyu today now you guys are making me crave some lol 
Peter T. yup exactly  i told her the same thing ikr i miss out on so much sleep cause of nfts lol  coming from cali hbu?
damn son calm down its so expensive in my country with the imoprt taxes and shit. i can spend 200 for 200g
Oh ok im in the states. about to hit 1am here.
Man you make me wanna try it. Is it some kinda rare? Where can I buy it?
visual swim wonder what does it taste like
its all you can eat! within a time limit
Wow thats like legit a day apart! Work tomorrow!?
Gogo try it xD I ordered the one with bacon n cheese haha
lol i went to japan and didnt get wagyu fml
I think you can make it at home easily
i aint have one of those in a minute i gotta try em again if i ever go to subway
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns wait no way thats real all you can eat that sounds insane LOL
In my case just a slight correction... For a year
PESInteresting  thanks for that will look into the monkeys!
hahaha if i can get at least 34 hrs of sleep I should be fine. Sweet im in Cali too. Sacramento to be exact. Good ish fam. We both should be sleeping. lol.
Im eating some chicken breast rn but I want some beef because of the picture haha
Haha yeah babykong looks awesome
TamagoEN also worth the try if you havent yet lol
i need to order some blue light glasses for nightslike these on discord  lol
ayo go get urself one i took my profits out of mutant cats when they hit 2.3e
yeah it was so good but wagyu is so filling...
Yeah sorry mate hahaha I made myself so hungry
everything is on sale now like black friday just that gas is so high and eth is so high so not even sure whats worth
Haha where ya from? I think eggslut is from US?
Yeah Im super hungry now thanks guys 
haha nice! might have to grab one soon its a good price
wagyu is good but there are as slightly cheaper alternative which are wagyu too but not from Japan
Man Im so sad I missed the mutant cats. I slept during that drop
yeh were pretty far apart. no i have the day off so ill be good. Are you still working right now?
which is ur favorite type of cookie from there?
Peter T. same coming from sac also wow great to see local people in here
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  yup wagyu fills that stomach up quick now ik how they make so much money with that business lol  so much fat in wagyu is crazy but its so good lol 
Seinic  ooo i always wanted to try egg slut always see post it on stories
So what is the difference here and just the cave
whats your favorite cut of steak thats not waygu
Im from Oklahoma US I have not heard of that before but I love eggs lol
i mean wagyu is still expensive so
Is that the original? I heard only the original flavour is the mind blowing one
Choc chip bro so good. What about you?
a baby? nahh but have been thinking about it.
ser wagyu is not a cut but a cattle breed
KuroJPEG cheapest way to get in baby kong is breeding
Im sitting at work as we speak! Fortunately I have my own cabin space so Im sorted! Else it would have been a pain!
I have so many thoughts through my head lol might go subway now
I heard its overrated. Never tried it myself
Ah it seems like eggslut is from california
ive been to the eggslut in the US
im basic i like chocolate chip too lol  can never go wrong with OG flavors
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  yeah wagyu is very expensive and we got people in here saying they just ate it ugh i wish i can say the same
Subways always a safe option! Cant go wrong!!
BAYC be eating better than wagyu!
Eggslut is not bad but a bit pricey in my option
so true you getting something to eat?
they are a go to I love their meatball sub cheap and effective
Gotta search it on YouTube on how to make that one. Really wonder how does it taste... Kind of corny flavour?
agreed i think its a bit overhyped
just buy bananas when they hit under 50 ull accumulate 600 in no time
Yeah have been thinking even get the VX too
Did u guys eat the original signature flavour or the others?
Yup! Just ordered something from the cafeteria! Gonna be here any minute
eating food straight from gordon ramsays kitchen but fr tho if you ever go hells kitchen its kinda overrated lol 
TheWalrus057  them meatball subs are always fulling and theyre cheap best combination
p sure we tried all of them like the classic the bacon egg and cheese as well
2 more legendaries in the VX pool u hit that u can sell at least 150eth minimum 850 left btw
I got the one with meat and bacon
Im eating cookie dough things be good
things are good but these folks keep making me hungry lolol
Cos i heard only the signature is mind blowing.. The rest are normal
4am here. think im going to call it a night. goodnight all! best of luck on WL
Wonder if I could put some butter and parsley on it
short rib and oyster blade is under appreciated  
awh man everytime i make cookies with my girl  i end up eating the cookie dough lol it sometimes be better than the actual cookie
IYKYK Clean  have a good one  was great to have you here for the day cya tmmr 
Yeah absolutely what are you having on the side ??
Ribeyes are great but I like a full porterhouse
alright guys gonna head to sleep now
its just a phone call away bro lmao
much appreciated guys! v1. cryptodad86
wow small world my man. yes its great to see local in here. shoot we should meetup and grab some coffee sometimes. lol forreal.
Hmm like some kind of seafood  we used to do that
One day I want to try Picanha.....
ofc not but i got better than avg rolls my VX traits floors at around 2.3eth
awee man you too now  was great havin ya here cya tmmr 
Peter T.  small world indeed fosho im always down for coffee
thats good. use that downtime my man. hahaha. what do you do for work?
steak burger will do the trick my man!
dawg new sneak peek looking mad fire
For real man luckily we cooked some carbonara in here... You want?
Im an architect into project management! N u?
WOAH ik yall see than rn in sneakpeek  sick af cant wait to see the new animations this is crazy
picanha a brazilian term for the rump cap should b able to find it easily in a butcher
Picanha is the sirloin cap rump cap.
sweet!! let me add you as a friend my man so i can contact you directly.
What u guys doing other then discord
man u are the real goat u never sleeps? what time zone r u in?
ooooh that sounds bomb af hahahahahahaha
well... strip and filet but it is considered a cut KEKW
yea restaurants just use foreign terms to market it at a higher price
its only currently 111 here superwasheddevil  not that late rn  i do sleep lol no worries i get plenty of rest
Not in the current market! Construction has been on hold for almost 2 yrs now
Oh sweet!! i use to work with architects when i was PM. Im a transportation engineer now.
damn you guys really be grinding haha it is tough out here
Did I make you more hungry?  Man this is so creamy! Plus the minced ham on the top of it... Wanna try?
Same here bro! But we can do this!!!
Ah ure in construction... Thats tuff
cw  congrats on being green hellooo nice to cya make the whitelist  well desevred i seen that sick fan art you posted too
Been a long day man but feeling good
Nice! Got a really good friend of mine in DC that does the same
this is nothing! I remembered metasaurs grind was super bad! my fingers filed an abuse report against me
How long you guys been grinding
mods can u enable custom emojis in sneakpeek KEK
that legit sounds amazing I love chicken carbonara LMAO
Not really grinding but i think ive been active around 6 hours
thank you very much RYU  IWAN and v1! good luck to yall
Probably about 67 hrs but wife has been on my case during that time 
Getting better thou! Hopefully no more lockdowns! Sick of it already!!
yup us west coast over here in cali 
RYU namanam hey we have names lol jk wassup how was ur day 
Mazeltov  no grind in here just being active and vibin with the community
Hahaha yeah I dont normally hang out unless I really like the project but so active here
You buddies should tryna make one! What time is it there buddy?
Thats great!! Have you been to the states before?
right now for me it is 313 AM lmao how about u?
yeah ok 1am not too bad if u in est time zone then its bad
Bro no quest why are you getting hungry right now its 414 PM right now here from Philippines you?
Nope! Was planning To visit some family In feb 2020 But that was a failure! Hopefully when things get a lil better
nah not really planning to visit lots of places tho once covid fully blows over have u been there
superwasheddevil  yeah est boys went to sleep its super late over there
very. Will be worse on weekends I am sure.
v1 what other projects are you in fam?
Im feeling extra generous towards cave 2 chat might giveaway another nitro sometime later tonight 
and heres proof my nitros are legit!
MetaG but its down really bad for now
yeah with this COVID i would stay put. Hope everything over there is going ok and your family as well.
MAN lol no way was it you earlier that said the same joke to me about going to nyc LOL
Peter T.  currently in fur balls rn community and roadmap is great in there too
cw  i seen you do a giveaway earlier in thecave  glad to see youre spreading love in this cave 2  thank you 
Glad to see you are helping each other
Im in Oklahoma US its late but everyone keeps talking about food hahahahaha
Yup! So far so good! Hopefully gets better thou! Thanks for asking. Everything ok there?
Holy snap you a real one fam. Nitros are sweet forsure!!
if u see a deeznuts joke its probably me
This should be the food channel now really
Yoo the latest sneak peek is dopee
we need a topic to talk about lol
Ik you got me early  you are one of a kind lol  idk why i keep falling for em haha
TylerTakesATrip  i respect the hustle keep it up  you living live on the edge rn
Its been food and now were hungry
Trusting the process. community has been too great. Thank you Sensei.
We are doing food in here now lol
its you candice and phil always falling for it
thats wassup what was the last thing you guys left off on? or were u just talking about your favorites?
lmaooo you ranked higer than meLMFAO
nah not this time lol  ik all these jokes coming from you now LOL
oh ok havent heard of that. are they also whitelisting right now?
What can you say about the new sneakpeek?
Its... Beautiful.. Reminds me of the frost wyvern from game of thrones
It belong to the chill cave ser
absolutely!! they did a great job on it
Yeah ikr.. Wait until the animated one hahaha they say there will ne the animated one
MagnusDrake that new sneakpeek brought back some memories back when i used to play yugioh in summercamp haha
Awesome and incredible!! Need more please!! Hahaha
I love it. It just gives an ice vibe. I love the chill blue colour 
Im hoping u might have undead version too! finger crossed
Oh that is memories right there
Definitely a fire breathing one considering the colour scheme
hi ser! nice seeing u pepebusiness
Speechless. Its beautiful. Good job wyvern team!!
yooo i didnt think of this I think you guessed it right
You sent me down this rabbit hole 
I think this frost wyvern would be happy on pluto
thats good. Yeah everything is going ok over here too.
Does someone know if being under Top 200 rank is guaranteed WL or not?
check out what cw  posted tho its even sicker 
how much did you pay kaiba for that?
The sneak peak is looking soo good Im a huge fan of Yu gi oh so this is huge for me beautiful Blue Eyes White Dragon 
what did you think ab the sneak peek
medium rare 100 I love mine smoked but a classic pan sear never gets old
Hows everyone outta hereee! Hoping for the best days for yall!
hows everyone doing i just woke up
lmao nah its nothing crazy just a cool response LOL
Gorrie  def does bring back some good ole memories 
tino  aye great to have you back im still here lol 
Good to know buddy! Seinic wa thinkin the same
v1 yeah are you in their discord? theyve got some sweet looking apes in the buysell channel. i want one bad. haha
hopefully works out! excited for this project ngl
could one of you cuties send me the link to the leaderboard 
well done makes me cringe every time lol
Looks great looking forward to seeing where it goes. Ty
to each their own I dont judge anyone for their preferences  
RYU namanam TylerTakesATrip people who like well done steak just like chewing kek
tino httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516 here ya go
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
sweet!! haha. it goes well in the card.
RIZAAR you got green! congrats my man! RizaaR  
My bro is OG n still active as always 
Poison death holy... Many different elements to be revealed I hope hehe
Well some people love to have jawline  and very strong jaw muscle
Yeah looks great!!! Looking forward to launch!
Yeah buddy!!! Woke up and I was green. You see Sleep is important !!!
RYU namanam okay i take back what i said i do judge preferences but only on steak
Hi is this project related to Kaiju?
i just noticed you got a tie dye shirt like me haha 
dont get scared when u see your name  tino
I love frying it on butter put mushrooms on it and some parsley
Congrats bro!! So happy for you  all the best for the future
no one should order a nice cut and ruin it like that. same btw
haha i went to sleep man but got woken up twice  
No. Were a different kind of reptile. 
yeah its slowed down a bit just wait till more EU and asian folks join us 
tino those interrupted sleeps be the worst but going back to sleep feels so good
dont wanna be that guy but shouldnt it be wyvern?
Hahaha thats right. Pretty sweet! How many apes do you have? Are you active in their discord?
Its ok to judge. Even god judge every single human 
LMAO yeah still sick regardless 
yeah but folks from asia shud be all here now eu just waking up
ye man  kinda wanna go back to sleep now ngl  but today im definitely playing some dota and grinding in between games
no one eats steak cooked well done here right
and na already asleep except me lol
i think we are strong than kaiju
nope medium is just right for me
I think there may some karmic debt to be paid for doing that lol
illegal move right there unless its lamb
yeah im na east coast about to go to sleep goodnight yall
Last meal ever  what would it be??
Hopefully Im not missing anything important here lol
sushi as always sushi is top tier 
IYKYK Clean  lmao its 430 am very late cant sleep come join us but be sure to always get enough rest
Hey everyone please stay positive were a family here!
Any other projects that you are in at the moment?
mars at this rate or the moon again
Probably a Steak and Baked potato or some German Roladin
Much chiller now. Can listen to asmr
Update because youre not green yet
im just not looking forward to waking up for work lol does anyone know when the snapshot will be taken of ranks? would help a lot lol
BearX gave up thou! Too many ppl there! U!?
man i would but they are too far out of reach for me. My best bet is a Mutant Ape.
Im staying positive unless im in the rage chat
Lets get the wyverns.. Better art than bearx
nah sadly no its gon be completely random 
sup bitch  well well  would you look who it is
I still outside tho. Discord till phone left 15 batt haha..
FACTS haha time will come tho for both of us.
Hi welcome bro make sure to check announcements  and giveaways
have fun and enjoy your time here 
Congratulations for discovering this project. Welcome
whats up buddy so cool to see so many fur fam in here 
Absolutely sold on the art! Its way better
Welcome! Check out the sneakpeek the art is 
Damn cant stop looking at the sneak peak so sick
Am very positive  thats why Im still typing here Lololol
Thanks everyone. I will make my time fruitful here! And engage the community.
im waiting patiently for those sick animations to come out i love animated nft art
projects that im in are CryptoDadsCryptoMoms Boonji Avarik and Eth Towers.
im sure we can yes. just mentally hurting me tbh. i know its not healthy but ive made it to this point already so its just wild
Furfam that flocks together GMI 
Gotta stay active and have a good chat. Where everyone from?
Yeh bro insane I love it too something about it just gets me so keen
Well big risk big reward brother!!! Lfg!!!
What one Roadmap excites u the most 
Zander just keep being active and engaging with the community itll evenetually come ur way
For tht we have to give our best !!
Cave 2 is the better cave right? 
Whats the hype bout eth tyres? Gotta check it out
nope at best they run on two feet hahahaha
the nft gaming aspect excited me the most  i really cant wait to see who the gaming partner will be
APE  Willhano you can say that lol its def more calmer in here than in cave 1
You can check your rank and follow Twitter btw
No i am indonesian  still afternoon here
One of the best going right now
Mmmmmmm how is that funny in any way ?
lets boost their twitter guys !!get it to 2k followers!
yeah love it its gonna do so well 861688761661652992
always a good sign when you see fellow furry ogs in here haha
IYKYK Clean  i agree the twitter following has so much more ppotential
Yea.. Games are the ultimate usecase according to me.. That was even visible for all those shit project who just used to mention games in their roadmap.. Now with FB in... Meta is gonna rule the world and games are gonna make us hooked in 
Yeah for sure you can already tell
Hahaha yes ofcourse  we all love genuine communities !! 
I think something about rewards in the future for holding a property. Dont remember too much. I know because they partner up with Cryptodads on a property.
but not both caves are created equal
i forgot about those facebook news its really gon be game changing cant wait to see what facebook has to offer
sup bitch  genuine communities are the best organically grow communities are top tier
Thoughts on snapshot being done over the weekend
i missed kaijus coz i was on a trip.. Still recovering from those... Keeping my eyes forward
All caves are created equal then 1 becomes
Gn everyone been chatting and having great conversations all day  aPESGiveLove
In this cave we all believe !!! Lets do this every one
Thanks buddy its just a fan art one  didnt get to cop it unfortunately.. hopefully i get these wyverns though!!
v1 yeah i jumped straight in when i saw that there werent any invite warz or anything  love communities like these
Good night fam!! Ill be behind you shortly.
Ah ok! I was looking at some sol projects but screw that! Im all in with this!!
but for me i dint think that facebook could be success catch people confidence on their wallet because they also have data leakage problem
Lots of flexing incoming..  Everyone gotta upgrade their systems to multiple monitors and high gpus... A more connected world.. 
Who wanna play riddles with me?
in the cave part of the cave lol
yup usually a good sign when communities dont req any types of invites
Rikimaaro  dont worry there are plenty of more nft drops to come 
unguardable RYU  awh yeah i forgot about their leakage issue damnit theres always something with facebook lol
lol. Yeah take a look at them. Good community there.
lucky we are here like not too late so have time to grind our way to WL fingers cross
just no more discord  hieroglyphics im all good
its almost 2022.. those should be gone by now !! 
Wyvern   Kaiju ..... I think they focus on different aspects... Can co exist well...    Kaiju is more Kongish and Wyverns are more Orcish ?
Mmm yes weve literally became part of the cave my friend!!! Hahaha
Yeah bone or a zinger tower meal with a a has brown
exactly they shouldnt even exist in the first place lol its a common practice that wont stop tho
i cant grind properly so many ppl here ?
Whats the difference with cave 1 and 2?
People in top rank 10 havent got WL yet. Is that correct?
True enough similarities and differences at the same time. The other names mentioned all belong on the moon...so.....see you there?
sup fam!! yeah this reminds me of the boonji whitelist. just community love and vibes.
Going to be insane man i love the price and collection size art so good this gonna make it and I hope we Are apart of it
Ppl shd start to use VR headsets more
yes man the most concern part of it because i had a conversation with my fren about purchasing something then facebook start to hardselling that product. i am like freaking shock about it
Will be so good man! super special!
Yeah i guess some projects need more advertising than others where as dope projects just let the projectart speak for themselves 
KuroJPEG Thank you buddy for your kind words 
oh this isnt too bad imo Space Apes activity grind was ridiculous lmao
mods not awake to WL people maybe
hmm havent thought about it yet but soon. maybe in 15 mins. haha
When green is definitely the question here!!
Anyone got in greens already just by being active? ..  I just came in yesterday.. but loving the vibes here... Helping with the gas high eth network boredom 
for me it really lost confidence on fb because they confirm selling our data information to the third party
Are we going anywhere at this point or were just grinding to nowhere
you can find the rankings here httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
unguardable RYU  lmao facts facebook is always listening
sup bitch  100 the project art and road map should speak for itself
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
We cant sleep in this project guyz 
Sup buddy!! seeing many familiar faces here  great to be with you all here! BOONJI VIBES LESGOOOO
Can you imagine once fb build metaverse and they track our activity inside. Then send us a lot of product ads?
hmmm...i been constantly chatting from morning until now just to hope i will be in top 200 if mod dint see my hardwork
good morning everyone im back and well rested
They are giving wl alright. Maybe their time will come soon
Bring it do it together brother
yaahh its like same like this haha
Yeah agree.. This chat makes me forget about the gas .. Me too bro just here yesterday. I guess we got a long time ahead of us
yeah thats why i was asking what is the deadline to be in top 200 do we need to keep maintaining the position till snapshot?
LEts gooo ....  unguardable RYU  u never go unnoticed... Lets get it ...   Subhra  True mate...
Hope we got enough time to get into this though ! did you just join recently ?
Neat!!! I like that energy from you xD no cave 3 no stop lol
yes thats the issue so just be safe...i might advice just use metamask wallet will be safe. but cant deny  it was a best platfrom to have communication
no sleeping going round here haha yes i agree this project is gon be huge!!!
superwasheddevil trust there always awake watching  
sup bitch  yes i recently joined i joined around yesterday night youre still early dw dont let the amount of discord members scare ya
We are most definitely going to make it. Where is everyone rn ? Give me your flags. Ill start  
Woah the chat is starting to heat up
Hey fam!! Most definitely great to have you in the chat my man. that positive vibes is kicking!!
Yea.. When we helping each other out.. time flies... Loving the vibe in here..... Any nice tool suggestions anyone for tracking volume and stuff... I would ike to get all the systems in place before the next NFT bulls
Andrew27 Space Apes nit bad ty had a few hrs of sleep
Nah if i get it i get it  just glad the people here seems genuine so its easier for me to vibe along with you all too
the times will come and we dunno too but be safe just keep contribute to the community things never gone wrong
they gotta mod an active chat. dont blame them
superwasheddevil ya can tell there actively whitelisting cause the amount of whitelist numbers keep going up at the top left were currently at 129 
sup bitch  yup i remember you kept that attitude in fur balls and it got you far 
Thats a good attitude to have anywhere buddy  your good vibes will be infectious hahaha great to see you here!
yeah will try to keep going gonna just take away some food and then keep grinding!! lol
thank you glad to have you here too 
man that means I cant go to sleep yet unless you do. Lol. team no sleep lol
You vibing in the right way in here... I cant miss out on the Wyverns after i missed the orcs and kaijus... This can be the next big thing....     BTW.. what do u think about the NFT markets in the upcoming 2 months ?
I am so bloody keen on this just so frikin excited
Yeah fb already rules the world now he want to rule the metaverse. Such an ambition guy 
This chat room is gonna evolve into a new phrase soon at this rate
Yea.. v1  vibing in the right way.... Loving the insights as well...
we just gotta let things flow we cant control anything haha the nft market does as it pleases 
RYU namanam  facts zuckerberg tryna take over everything
cave 2 is actually slowed down a lot since last night a lot more calm now
Fb is the worst thing to still be on!
Agreed great member to have on board
theyre like big brother always watching
haha yeah cave 1 seems to be the one chat everyone goes towards
Yea.. 5k already... 10k incoming soon... We all in here early.. Make use of it the irhgt way  ... v1  True.. Just be grateful we are early in the NFT space and flow with it.... If u are longterm bullish and have the conviction any looser plays of yours still would let u make it
Yeah always vibing and making sure everyone is good haha
I guess a number of people just went to bed X
remember you from yesterday have you got some rest or is it night for you?
Angelmisa   always need your rest
hahaha we wont let them happens at least in nft word
its around 2 am for me rn  might head to bed soon in like an hr lol
I coud run through a wall I am that excited hahaha
Well who can stop him tho . We already play in his palm before we know it
oooo be sure to check out announcements  guys new one has just been posted
FREDDIE yeah rest is always important 
Indeed... Wyvern gang is gg... ShihTzu  is happy 
Im gmt 8 Singapore time and youuu?
it just spreads the kindness of us and it is good that someone appreciates our hardworkss !!
His amazed! And we appreciate him
Has a good feel to this community
yeah 1 more hr and im heading to bed haha  what time is it over where ur at?
GMT 955 for me right now. Its so awesome how this discord stretches to all parts of the globe.
Naniii?? I woked up long time already okay hahaha
Any admin or mods care to shed some light on the sudden drop in OG numbers? did we kick out bots  people who didnt submit wallet?
We need to spread some love to admin 
U not gonna sleep till 12hrs later. Its only morning for ya
jesus you def need some rest lol esp if you have work tmmr i wish u the best of luck haha
i think they kicked out the bots yeah or most likely inactive members
Yeah it is!!! Haha nice chatting with ppl all around this globe  keeping this cave 24 7 alive !
thats great. bots could ruin this whole process
Ok my eyes are starting to close on me. may have to call it a night.
You all should check out fanart memes its has some great work
Yea.. all of us are doing it right  .. The community is what it matters the most...
Not a project you wanna miss that is for sure
oooouuuuu 2 members were just added for whitelist  glad to see members being added daily  fly high wyverns!!!!!
so inactive members can be kicked out?
Its been a good daynight chilling with yall wyverns fam!! ill check you out later in like 67 hrs.
god bless lol im here for the long run for sure
They should win when the competition is over i tjink
Fly Wyverns flyyyy you can do it
Yo yo ...   Glad glad glad.... Lets gooo
its so refreshing to have such a genuine community havent really found a super organic one in the NFT space yet
TylerTakesATrip yep the team does a great job by managing it
I am loving it this is exactly what you need in a project
Wyvern life is awesomeMazeltov yes they are
you been grinding for a while haha
sweet!! trust the process. alright fam im out. will be back later.
yup an organic one in the nft space is hard to come by nowadays
rest bro your health is so important. If you remain tired you may start to lose energy and even make false decisions. I cant imagine the people making silly errors from being tired! Falling into scams and that nonsense. Anyway rest well bro 
yeah im actually going to head to bed now for real lmao goodnight all again
Alright.. have a good one out there in RL mate...
Ticking all boxes at the moment
goodnight man have a good one was nice having you here once again lol
no the team doesnt care about them. only for the OGs im guessing
This is gonna flip everythinnng
Yea great people great vibes here thats so true  genuine ppl are hard to come by haha 
true that! have seen too many scammed over the last 1 month. Its sad and today 1 major site got hacked Jungle Freakz
For real its very rare nowadays
Are still talking about food in here ?
level 6 lets go keep going guys!!
Indeed brother we r lucky to b here 
We jst beed to stay positive n helpful
food talk is welcomed here daily 
Asham keep it going keep being active and engaging
lets talk food mcdonalds or bb?
 Moderator do we have a whitelist chat? sorry for pingging btw
im tryna just eat some regular chicken and rice man
true bro we are still early and lets hope we all get it!
i wanna some snack and something to slack off hahaah
The reason why the community is actually nice is because they havent done one of those invite competitions just inflates the numbers and leaves the community soulless
suprised theres not a channel for it lol! usually a hot topic!!
i hope you guys know thgeres a  flash giveaways  going on rn 
yeah but its easy to get burnt out so idk if i can continue this honestly
Insane how much crap is out there it is refreshing to find a community like this
I had some chicken breast earlier  its sooo goodd
Mazeltov yes I haveAsham you at 6
lifesaver! thanks for telling me man very much appreciated
dont leave us to chat there!! keep us company!
agreed people become so desperate and it just ends up flooding peoples DMs. This is why i love the server. They have shown they respect the community and dont just want our money. They have been helpful and i feel like im part of an amazing colelction
Just crunched a whole pizza and almost a whole serving of spaghetti I am stuffffeeeddd
Enter up wyverns flash   giveaways  going on rn!!!!! 
i hope i can win thiss CMONNN pleaseee!
ShihTzu will we start filling the 500 OG slots back up? 3
its Winter Wyvern on Sneak peek ?
I wish I could dedicate more time here unfortunately my work does not allow me
guys new giveaway right now go on giveaways
well im at 1300 when i joined so OG is almost impossible
chicken breast is so hard to use up fast it just dries up if it aint fresh
soo tired decided to just stay up tonight tho plus that ping for the giveaway 
is there any OG talking in there?
Its frost wyvern from game of thrones
Soon. Were just double checking everything. Thos that came after the 500th will get OG. Coz we kicked some OG that turned out to be bots
Appreciate the quick response homie
lol be sure to always get some rest that giveaway ping was aos too glad theres another one for the community
Thank you for your words of encouragement  im going to submit some more fan art in a moment  standby it might spooky!
wow big news for pre 500 members good luck !
Whats the diff between cave 1 and 2 haha
oh. i only see OG wyverns cyan and Whitelisted green
kick them out and replace it with us! We are real! I ve been hungry since lunch 2 hours ago! bots dont get hungry
used to it plus i gotta be up in 2 hours for work just gonna go crazy on coffee or an energy drink aPESLmfao
caleb 2hrs for work oh boy good luck lol its gon be a long day
I dun need the blue. Just gimme green
remember too smash that giveaway button
one is 1 and the other 2 . pretty much that lol
we need 10 mesasges to join right?
TylerTakesATrip tell him show him da way
I was just about to ask this pepelaugh
I thought one with extra dragons
Its really blowing up in here quickly!
gudluck with giveaway guys! giveaways
damn many creative ideas there are
cave 2 members always win nothing has changed....
yes 10 messages are needed to make your win valid
so whats the plan for the weekend everyone?
Btw  great work not doing an invite competition a good sign for sure
thats great it means more slots for real active people 
Yeahhh 2 caves cause to many active wayvern 
Winner from Cave2 after Fate winning earlier?
hell no mate that would literally make the other  one empty hahaha
got a halloween party planned this sunday   still trying to figure out my outfit tho
what time is it at yall places rn
we need a third cave Wyverns are starving XD
haha it was just a joke just motivation man!
yesss we are the remain face of yesterday broo lol...... keep up
I am too busy to grind cuz I have a full time job I even work on the weekend but good luck to all 
Gm to all good all the best for the giveaway
Yes. The core of this project is creating an awesome community similar to BAYC and other earlier projects. This is an opportunity for those that missed out.
Hahaha got me there but Id like to believe so and no harm to that too right!
Cave 2 for giveaway potential winners!
yeah too many wyverns for 2 caves
Dress up as a cosmic wyverns snap a pic and post it here! Tag ShihTzu and you might get luck..lmao
But that one with some more rare dragons
Wish you guys all goodluck with the giveaway!!! I hope i am the one
ShihTzu we ty for the opportunity
Absolutely thanks for the opportunity I will leave you alone now
i think were good where were at now haha the chat isnt moving so fast
MEEKARI LOL if i can find a costume in time that fits that im on such late notice lol
Whats my favourite gang doing??
Amazing opportunity! Thank you appreciate it! Love the community and the team! 
Just waiting for the senpai to come nd vibe with us... Lol ...  Hows it today ?
do we have a date of release yet?
I really love what I am seeing here the mods are really building a real community and not sot fake hype with invite contest
its like 5am but i dont really feel like sleepin tbh
no planned dates yet be sure to keep an eye on announcements  if they do announce anything
then we might need to sort out the  lol
Yeah I 100 believe organic growth projects is much more resilient towards market ups and downs and always have the longevity compare to those that fake the hype
thats the truth just a few left
yeah invite contest only encourages bots
Same i might just stay here for a bit longer
hahaha yess hopingg ourrrr will get green name soonn brooo... even i can rememberr for those who active lol
I got a haircut appointment at 3 I gotta wake up for
StevenCigar  we be living the wyvern way
now i am at the point that its taking forever to level up at all
patience let it come naturally i can already imagine ur name green already 
Cant agree more... Its the actual community based efforts that matter... not some random fake bot invites... I love the way how we have organically grown to 5k in the past few days
and I must say the roadmap looks awesome and executable! well done and I m in this for the long run
Might have a break and get some dinner
I see u grinding hard have patience bro u will make it
we need some more bots because they never stop
dyum stormy af out looks like its gunna rain all day
This is the only way to build a strong genuine community right now. Glad that you guys are doing this! Dope project and cant wait to be apart of it 
yup takes breaks every now and then and eat be sure to hydrate too ive been seeing you here everytime with me lol 
Vaansh  you got it brother dw too much about it 
me too bro! straight to the server for overtime
Thank you for reminding.. my back is hurting already.. Will take a break and be back in sometime fam... Take care 
yeah bro need a little break! see you later man
hopehey good to see you again  hows it going 
Gorrie  cya later  come back soon
yeah health is the most important thing
Yes love it ! However Im working
Or at least as long as I can hold out haha 
Yay. Anybody celebrating haloween?
damn my sciatica is hurting like crazy
yessir going out for halloween this weekend
giveaways result in a min.. All the best 
take care to all of you planning to lvl up! although its more the contribution that matters please do remember to hydrate yourself  and dehydrate if you know what i mean lol
I am doing fine too how has your day been
i will be celebrating here in the chatpepesaber
aye didnt know we even had a twitter giveaway going on thanks for the heads up 
doing good just dropping by to see whats up. hbu?
good! I woke up not too long ago hbu?
i think that might be his own giveaway
Its Halloween this weekend! Have fun and stay safe! Have a candylicious time!
Just boosted this project!! Lets go
which one bro is there another started
ser is this officially endorsed? ShihTzu Sensei  Wyvern  hmm
Damn youre a legend bro!!! Wish mel luck
US florida to be exact and west coast near tampa area
im watching police interrogation videos lol
When you see this msg go drink some water
doing pretty good boutta end the tonight with some good ole sleep 
Mazeltov  growing quicker by the day fosho
FREDDIE  omg i didnt even realize lol i need some sleep asap haha
ur the third person Ive seen telling me to hydrate
I hope youre having a great day
how they always got no activity lmao
awh shoot Lunathedog  you needed 10 messages oh no  sad to see the win taken away
we are doing great of courseeee hahaha
damn another 6 messages Fuji  another win taken away rip  and omg GMGAandGN  just joined 12 mins ago LOL not good at all
yess but its good i thinkkkkkkk this is ma changeeee maybe
hell ya cave rave! i replied im from the US
Good someone who is active deserves it more!
lmao finally yay a actual winner!!!!!
Seinic lmao no worries plenty of more giveaways to go around
hahahaha yes it isss... rerolll me! loll was hipping
oh hell ya all white list now better chance for us
How do we do this tho? Any suggestions?
my hopes gets so high every reroll lol
it be lookin tough out here tho
hello guys if you guys have been here for hours do take osme resta
ahhhh now its settleddd damn sadd...
damn just saw someone turned green infront of my eyes
congrats to all who turned green excellent job guys
a love story in 3 messages awh man his mate shouldve told him to make the win valid you needed 10 messages 
Oh n the winner aint from  Cave 2
guess we gonna have to get too 200
Same especially the invite contest
And then immediately dashed after that 
haha damnn what are the chances
Is there other ways to get WL besides chatting and giveways?
all caves are equal we are 1 haha
KuroJPEG happend plenty of times lol  ppl use their burners to get in but dont realize that you need a certain amount of messages 
Syd Rogers  haha maybe the sob story aint work tho
Thank god staff check if winner of giveaway deserve it or not!
Im really great just pretty tired tho haha
Used to wow back in the day been a while!
Love it! And thats the first time Ive seen it!
10 messages is such a low requirement
wow shouldve been free from the beginning I wouldve played so much more
Being active helps  you can try that route 
what are the tell tale signs that some one is botting 
Damn that ms def sad to see hopefully they get another opportunity
take some rest bro health is the most important
I need more motivation and energy
yup glad theyre able to do it and its a very easy thing to do to detect bots or burners
PekingCow  ARKIPEL  yeah maybe they should bump it to 30 lol but thatd be overkill 
Hey everyone just reminding everyone here if you havent already remember to HYDRATE yourselves TAKE A BREAK when necessary and check your POSTURE. The NFT space can be extremely time consuming and thats why its important to constantly keep your health in check. Love you all fam  Remember Health  Wealth ! 
i hope so too man how long have you been here?
you just busted my posture right on time buddy! thanks for the timely reminder
I thought it turned free years ago or am I hear wrong from sources a long while ago
Guys i posted a fan art i made it took me 7 hours if yall can go and check it out and show some support it would mean alot go to fanart
oh yup i needed this every now and then just like in furballs ty  
Vaansh  i can see that your wish came true remember earlier LOL congrats well deserved 
Always glad to help in any way i can buddy  remember to hydrate yourselvezzz
v1 hahaha im back baby! gonna be here for those hydration and posture checks! 
Omgg bro legit im on my phone i just realised 
Maybe so! Havent been on for a few years! That wouldve been nice though for sure 
Hey man rly appreciate the kind words. Hope everything is all g on your end 
I always thought wow graphics was kinda wack
Today I have to come in the rank of 200
100rainbow never seen it done in any other server. Hats off to the staffs
LMAO  you wish has been granted Vaansh  glad to see it make your day 
Remember to drink your watwr brotha
add more sugarrr tonight will be a long night bro haha
i made this!! took me 7 hours xd
congrats bro u wanna give some tips?
30 messages is not an overkill at all lol
why does the giveaways gets rerolled?
Thinking outside the box! Love it
Thank you everyone here for hanging with me 
It wouldnt have been possible without yall 
damn bro i would have made that name green asap
This is absolutely beautiful wow
Make sure share it on Twitter bro with cosmicwyvernNFT
Cave 2 for the real ones mate. The ones who care and keep in touch are in here
manifesting goes a long way  you got it brotha
NFTShivek  just keep active and engage with the community ever so often and youll be there in no time
Very nice  Im about to post some art  Ill let you know when!
Not time consuming if you have big fat wallets..
wawwwww you are greeniiee so good hope gonna join soon
nah but most likely when they do a snapshot
got it bro thanks will try my best
Just interact with people brother
Make sure to have organic conversations and help new people around. Just chill with others like friends. And youll legitimately love it
Yeah they were definitely a lil odd
Thats true but for a majority of us we dont so its better to keep our health in check 
Shit Im gonna grind all night tonight anyone got a 12 season show to binge while I do it ?
yup solid advice too many people treat it like a grind and not having fun and interacting with the community its the best part about it
Wow that is insane with what did you make it?
when will the snapshot happen bro
Well you know why they choose green right.... Because its organic
i just have the office on my 2nd monitor lol
 Moderator i would some feedback from you guys 
You will be under top 200 so probably gonna get it
Im glued onto this cave  cant move pls help
make it top level 12 and you will be top 200 broo keep up and need to retrain our rankk thats what we doo gogogo
i have this on my second monitor all day .. usually its my trading monitor but now its literally discord chat all day
3 epsiodes left gonna get that done today
you on netflix. watching you rn
This seems like the play tbh. Would you hate me if I told you Ive never seen it from start to finish?
cool lets get it while chilling here mate
Make sure to Share it on Twitter bro with cosmicwyvernNFT
You boys still looking for experienced mods?
yoooo that loos amazing  be sure to post it on fanart  and twitter
Me neither! I just started like a few weeks ago and currently at season 4
great series you really get hooked on it
Hahaha legit it is we need some assistance on getting off
season 1 and 2 were crazy season 3 still crazy
I watched it with my ex was my ex at the time and got bad emotional experiences so anything I did with her I dont do anymore
Good morning im great today! how are you??
doing great how about yourself  
Andrew27 Space Apes  i love chicken can never go wrong with that
Im thinking of giving it a watch
Nice today I am also going to eat this to evening
I thought season 3 was a little slow thats why im not done yet
how do u know hahah when snapshot happens it might gonna need u lvl 20 then hahahah coz people here are all excited
damn that sucks its a good show
Posted on twitter httpstwitter.comaltveedostatus1454018360765599750?s21
Im not an artist but yaa i made this CosmicWyverns 
You is wild good every season is good. Definitely my top rec for shows rn
finished it last week. Joe cant handle what he dishes lmao
wowwwwww you sure you arent an artist?
i think its that good lol  my girl stays watching it and she always pick good shows
Ryu Veedo  sick man i think that deserves a whitelist spot hehe 
Joe or no joe i feel like love would kill anyone shes with eventually
Good thank you! You? Amazing community you guys have built here! Love the team also! You guys have done things different and I love it!
maybe just a small party for the fun of it
yesss. but right now lvl 12 i a good thing too buttt need to keep up alwayss maybe in next 7 hour lvl 20 will be nothing need to level 30 lol
Did you get your self a spaceape?
bro wtf. i didnt evem finish it
Eat. Craving some instant korean noodz
I can really go for some lunchables rn
damn my mans got spoiled in cave 2 i hope you still love us LOL
space ape now is hype or?? else?? i see a lot space ape in here lol
Doing great! Focusing on this chat and my work in the other monitor. Any plans for the weekend?
Ive never had those are they good?
You are not very far from the green name
ur a headass if that is true. bad vibes here
v1 it happens when ppl are jits
I only mess wid da 10 korean noodz
beep best snack ever as a kid could go for some rn still but mad expensive
hi! waiting for friday to end lol
very true am feeling the strains actually of grinding. But we do what we have to do..
v1 okay you convinced me imma get as much sleep as i can before work 
this is fire imagine that with btc laser eyes wow
I dont think I have them here since im in europe
better to not think of it as a grind but just vibin with your close friends buddy  makes everything easier!
its just overpriced ritz cracker ham and cheese lmao dope snack
not the best feeling sick but we still grinding
TylerTakesATrip  awh maybe he didnt mean it shouldnt be spoiling things tho
caleb  good idea dont want you all tired for work its gon be an extra long day
haha! I didnt. Im watching you guys silently.
wow next month ??? gonna be to the moon and space? hows that november??? is the great news or?
Lvl 15 Ill take a break peepoDoggo
no food first thing in the morning only coffee
Just interact with everyone be kind
he is pretty active here i can see that
correct..its actually very casual chatting here unlike the last grind I did with metasaurs which was brutal! Here at least decent convo can be had
Ah i wonder who gave me the green name huh
I never had a lunchables before
you know whats really lit tho? cold smoked salmon and crackers or that crab meat filling thing on crackers
woww this is so cool watching guys silently like a predatorrr watching a deer..
staking and breeding. It should rocket bro.
thats a great accomplishment haha thats a well deserved break
Vaansh  it would be kinda cool to see who gave you the whitelist role so you can give them some love
helloww can i access whitelist chat pleasee
My childhood crush has that name sorry if this sent twice I did before all caps think it got deleted
Think you need to be very active or win a giveaway man
Oh damn metasaurs grind was so bad. I had a headache for a few days after lul
Ayo take a break when you can man
whoses balance of real world responsibilities and nft responsibilities are completely messed up rn
Sheeesh!! You should rest sometimes hahaha
it is so great  and prepare draw a fanart
Oh ok. Wish you a speedy recovery then.
cracker ham cheese combo crazy fr
wowww its gonna be good are you a holder too?
dont work yourself too much be sure to get a lot of rest  remember health is wealth!!!!!
Cave 2 is getting fast with the messages now and Im having. Ahead time keeping up. Wait for meeeeeeeee
i started here after lunch and now its almost time to prepare dinner..wtf lol
time passes very fast in NFT world
KranZups  ANIMO NFT well cave aint that bad
Got my shiny Red eyes over here mechwyvern
actually worked at a bagel place I know the recipe for the most popular bagel by heart. Make that same bagel like at least 10 times a day
nah its not going that fast compared to cave 1 haha dw youre still actually able to have conversations in here
hahaha yes cave2 is great too you knoww all the hype so crowded
hours feel like days and days feel like weeksssss
Yessir imagine if they make the red eyes black dragon
there must be one with red laser eyes
wonder if they have a red eyes b dragon cosmic wyvern
TylerTakesATrip  everything bagels are overrated
nice pointy nose and sharp edges
would love a bagel rn  bagels are the shit my favorites gotta be a jalapeno cheese bundle mhmhmhmh
i know that one looks like a blue eyes
Aint have time for anime anymore
they should make blue eyes white dragon as a homage for many a childhoods
indeed..very fast! time passes faster than working hours
not really a secret every place makes the popular bagel the same way
v1 you ever have lox on your bagels or what
What are you watching these days?
So we have BWD but do we have Charizard?
Most recent one is jiujitsu kaisen ! Great 1 !
gdi plant it in the traits sir that would be wild
hahaha what kind anime sir? i prefer the hottest anime is demonslyaer broo
only. thing we watching is nfts haha them things take up the majority of our time now
Syd Rogers ive heard about them buy im always scared to try it lol is it really that good
One piece!! Im at skypeia zaya end scene 150th episode xd its damn gooooood im so hooked
bruh theres probably a charizard cosmic wyvern out there thatd be so dope
v1 if you like lox anyway hell yeah its so good
Death note and Attack on Titans. Wbu?
Have you watched demon slayer ?
nice bro what are you watching? im just chilling
what anime would make the best NFT?
attack on titan so cooll.. ilove the warhammer titan broo. its so warrior... and so heavy weightt
man i might just get it now in the morning when i wake up lol  been craving a bagel for a minture time to try something new btw what type of bagel do you get usally
Death note is so good even aot for now my fav anime idk its confusing lmao i like everything i watch hahaha
Nice bro. I dont think I know about the skypeia zaya. Worth watching?
KranZups  ANIMO NFT faqs whitelistinfo announcements
imo these are the two most well done anime none of that episodic stuff
v1 I like my bagels plain but if the place is nice widdit you can ask to get it garlic toasted
oh i cant seem to get into the series. I know others who love it and have rewatched the whole thing hahah
Back decided just to have chocolate lol
both are same send message to anyone
It took me a while too but once I really started binging it its actually addicting
how are the cave 2 degens doing D
ShihTzu your thoughts on my fan art xd i hope i get whitelisted only if u like it tho! sorry for tagging
I love these mods super fair giveaways to support the loyal supporters
Its so cool man. I love captain Levi. That guy got amazing swag about him
yess so OP just like you sasukee jawa... its sO OP.. with that technique
im finna paint a cosmic dragon too
very nice man u got skillz forsure
ouuuu  yup can you desribe the taste of the lox it throws me off lol
Ryu Veedo  looks great man i think theyll whitelist u just let time go on and boom youre green 
post in fanart  too my man! that looks great!
hahaha sasuke jawa... u know silat i can do some silat thing
WOOT i got to sleep for 4 hrs still rank 11 
Very nice project  am weighting
Yea man. They both are really good.
yess captain levy so OP ithinkkk the most sword userrr in the anime.. when he rampaging so damn fast and unpredictable... thats make enemy confuse lol...
There was a moment when all I could see was alphabets rolling up. Must have been a tsunami of messages sent in one go
its like cold salmon iono what else to say lmao
Love this bro. Would nominate you to get whitelisted if it came to art 
its crazy how this group stays active 247
Really appreciate the vibes and people here great group !!!
Yeah never dies in here so good
i think to prevent a lot of clutter allows the community to choose what channels to talk too 
Pat   lmao fr my laptop froze for awhile
Syd Rogers  aight def gon try it tmmr and give u my feedback 
I din quite get you there. What do you mean?
hahaha wow really? silat thing i know pencak silat broo.. thats really good things hahahh
v1 ye lmk ima be here tomorrow anywway lmao
lmaooo. I went to sleep and i held my place pretty well. knocked out for like 5 hours!
I am good man cant leave here in case I miss something haha what about you?
What words rhyme with Cave .. go
yup one of my favorite thinkgs about this group  the chat never stops
tamagoyaki  goodnight brother hope to cya again tmmr
Yea man. Love him. I hate Naruto. Please dont hate me for it. Haha
almost 5 am xD im a true degen for this group. The last 7ish hrs i can be on here before my weekend adventure
Bro tell me about it I had to make sure I didnt sleep in even though I dont have work today 
naruto was mad good early on shippuden was like eh
I mean only cave 1 and only 2 are the same off
thats really good bro I am way behind
hahahaha i love naruto to.. well. naruto is for my sleep movie.. watch2 and sleep hahaahaa
keep up the great work keep vibin 
Damn nice guardian bro!!! She looks badass
My top 10 anime not rankings its random just top 10
So what ?. Am I not allowed to message in both?... LoL
hows tokyo revengers never watched it
no i havent! why? v1  dang man you are still here
he is insane. my favorite character in attack of titan
what attack of titan is not up there no way 
Strugelabs  wym i never left hehe 
Andrew27 Space Apes tipsy  woah both of u are the same hmmmm bots?  jk lol
Well its amazing hahahaha just unpredictable ending
Just assumed you might of with that rank haha v1  seems like an og
Tipsy gets the point there they were first
Very sad storyline but its worth watching!
Nah man . That kid is just too annoying for my liking. Kept screaming the whole time.
I love it for now its not completed so cant tell xd
unfortunately it is not my kitty
Ryu Veedo yo you gotta watch some jojo bizarre adventures
RYU namanam I dont even know what the story is about
I doing this from my phone and it just went out of discord totally. BRB fellow cavemen. Time to sort dinner. All the best f
I see where youre coming from lol
aww dang was about to say the picture is so well done as well
Just chilling here with the fam you?
same man! i like your space ape
Aomine LMAO he does scream all the time haha
Haha...lol. Actually I am watching tower of God in the same manner . I go to bed almost dead and start watching it. And in no time I am 
Aot is attack on titan bro lmaoo
wawwww is fmab what is that?? is black clover good? did anyone love full metal alchemist?
Then i will suggest for you to try 
is this a game? I havent read the whole chat thread!
na homie naruto had so much potential shippuden and boruto just made it mad boring when all naruto knows how to do is shadow clone and rasengan
i think most of us here are anime fans
What... Naruto is one of my fav animes
Thanks for your concern. Appriciate it. You have been in both chat to observe that I was in. I am just saying. LoL
Fmab is full metal alchemist brotherhood lol its damn goood aswell i loved it so much !!
omg i didnt see Aot LOL im so blind haha thats how you know its almost time for me to sleep 
Seinic  meh some people dont like the screaming kid all the time i guess haha naruto growing up tho was amazing
Staying up all night to enter these give aways hahaha
mid piece and I think dressrosa was when I felt one piece started stepping up
Ryu Veedo I couldnt stand fma artstyle
Got to be in it to win it. Good luck bro
It is really really good I agree
Yea man. That was so annoying. Haha. I still watched 300 odd eps till his sage training. And then I gave up.
Yeah that is it! I think all the winners have been deserving which makes it so much better for the community
guys your checked out the roadmap and sneakpeek ? loving everything I see there. Go see it yourself
Oh F but its good i would say watch it for its story and plot well written anime imo! Perfect ending with lots of twists and turns its just amazing man
ah iseee... but its a old animee so the paitning not that good
I tried so many times to watch fma
Aomine  agreed theres like so many epsidoes and fillers lol
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Did I miss anything while I slept?
I never reached there. I watched 300 eps and I gave up. I kept watching it coz of Pain. I liked him.
Yes they all get around with a family spirit. Brings up the value of this community so much. Im glad to be apart of this space
already did ser first hour i was here!
Brotherhood is re animated broo watch full metal alchemist brotherhood it has better animation it wasnt bad at all no cap!!
Rare to find communities like this these days
Yeah we are trying to find words that rhyme with cave. Have it got any ?
pain arc was not bad I just didnt like how naruto only got two moves in his arsenal and he stayed that way forever. whens the last time you saw him weave a hand sign for a jutsu
Agreed the activity in here is crazy
v1 will do! See ya later alligator hahaha
Hahaha no bro just saying everyone knows you haha
I love how i made cave 2 into anime talks lmaooo sorry if some of yall dont like anime
Oh well that could have been cool
When the season 2 release? Have u watch demon slayer ? Its good too
just a couple giveaways you didnt miss out on much
ahh dang i did miss the giveaways. Guessing they handed a decent amount of green out as well?
Because theres too much activity even with 2 chats and 1 min slow mode!
Guys like the sneakpeek  now!!!!! The animated one is coming
sneakpeek check on sneek peak and react brooo animated wyvernn brooo this is cool
Man funny thing is .how gara was so op when he was competing against Naruto. The moment he became friends with him he looked like such a noob
Gotcha makes sense. I need to sleep but Ill be back up to make memes later
pretty nifty blue eyes tingling my nostalgia
Aomine yo I hated that too why they make gaara such a wimp
Wow animated wyvern so dope in sneak peek
just another cave lol  hey i recongize that kaiju my friend used to own that LOL
Strugelabs  oh yeah they selected a lot of people today to be whitelisted were up from a huge amount  the team went ham in selecting people
isnt it. we need a third chat happening
What were the giveaways for? Just whitelist spots?
oh danggg i went to sleep at the wrong time!!
yes giveaways rn are for wl spots
anyone play civ 6? bout to start a single player game and need a reccomendation for a civ to play
Wow I just hit level 8 what levels are you all on ??
only whitelist spots yeah they will keep doing them alongside community trivia
they couldve went into so much story with the 7 mist swordsmen too smh
i meant the sneek animated wyvern
wow the animated art looks great love the lightning going around the wyvern PIExciteCat
Hello! Dont forget to follow and support us on twitter. Thankyou
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
yup 1 whitelist spot a couple of rerolls cause some people didnt have 10 messages
Strugelabs  plenty of giveaways to come dont beat urself over it 
We need one more chnl cave 3 !! 
yes i know but super busy this weekend helping my mother for halloween
Yea man. In short . I din like Naruto. Haha.
hahaha dont.. hahaah make more channel make mods frustate to monitoring our activity
Just read through the project. Blue chip potential for sure 
Guys Ill have to go the old fashioned way for a whitelist spot
naruto couldve been way crazier if they went the route of exploring jutsus
YES slow mode isnt stopping anything in these chats. The community is solid
ok im going to sleep lol its a sign goodnight everybody was great chatting with you all   i thought we was 4 away from 2k not 1200   JuwulKruztul
Hehehe but we have really very solid team of mods brother !! 
Our all mods are really hardworking n equally active here
shows we are doing something right! everyone turn your DM OFF
yess we mustttt go to higher level indedd
i love that sneak peek its amazing
Next level! I cant take my eye off them
Really epic hey? Love the animated
Yea man I guess. I rate bleach over Naruto. I loved bleach
Ofc! i raid the twitter since the first day of the project!
Hey bro nice to see u here its gonna b the next big drop !! 
What do u think abt this projct ?
Yeah man u been here the whole day. Get some sleep. Wake up to see WL role. 
What should I bring to lunch for work today?
bleach arcs were buns but I liked bleach a lot too. character designs were super cool
I have no doubt about the project bro. Its gona be really good . Nice to see you too. I see you always forget to send me invite these days eh?
hmm i prefer sandwich causeee will be so fast eat and then you can grind againn lol
yeah i got to like 450 and stopped lol
damn so i had hella chances haha
Well I will be dreaming about this project tonight for my full 3 hours sleep hahaha
What tv show yall talking about?
Hahah yes at the rate we are growing will need cave 3 soon!
Good point. I had a sandwich yesterday though. I was leaning salad today
Wow this chat is so fire it needs 2 rooms lol
me either. cant wait for more sneak peeks
hahahah wow salad thatss a good too i likeee with a potatoo
Yeah hahaha no sleep in this space
moving from cave 1 to cave 2 .....to many ppl in cave one ...cant talk in there....too crowded
Thats not a tv show thats part of history
really wanted to get a doge at 1 eth but didnt have enough funds now yall have went insane!
No bro I always send u invites but thr is no need for invites its all organic growth mate !! 
But I jst found this project yesterday !! 
But now will always share with u the next big potential projects 
Yess with some corn i like it too
yep we gotta hit top 100 and feel safe
I was sold to the concept of bankai. It was so damn cool.
hahaha the discord is so active
Cave 2 is slower but not for long I reckon
Yeah I think we need it already
brb guys..gonna go do some errands! been nice chatting here quite chilled
bro also share with me i always miss out on good projects
I top rank 20 but i just sleep and im 48  cry a lots
yeah when they screenshot it idk when tho
Man its just the beginning. Its gona go rampant after a big launch from their launch pad. It will be crazy.
Sure mate will share with u as well !! 
We are still early in this space !! 
M sure thr will b more utilities of nfts in future
yes slower ....we can chat like normal in here
Yeah I got a long way to go hahaha
yeah once i had seen you turn into a launch pad i knew i needed one just couldnt afford at the time.
Same bro. Love the animation too! 
check out chillcave  says it all in the name lmao
Thank you bro. Its fine m we somehow land in the same place . Haha.
dont worry too much abot geting to a certain level just chill and someday youll just get a green name!
Salad with a potato? Like potato salad?
Yeah we still can reply each other. Cave 1 too fast I cant find the initial message anymore
hear my housemate snoring through the wall lmao
yeah bro i totally agree with u
yes no limit time.....hope can get slot in here......
Its really looking big full wl launch 
yeah but this chat is pretty slow and doable rn  Seinic  i just woke up?
Nah man. I dont read manga at all. I tried reading dragon ball. But it makes me sleepy.
Let call 113 bro   they shouldt do it
i hope its by tmr night so i can be there
Yo MagnusDrake do you like my fan art?
Hope I have enough time to make it I still new as
Agreed was going crazy last night
I read entire bleach manga after anime ended theres the first chapter of bleach 2021 out there
okay guys gonna workout now! see ya guys later! lets get rank 200
its okay man you can contribute in memes and fanart if you dont have the time to top 200
Its grown so much. I dont see it slowing down anytime soon! 
Yea man. Huge potential . But its not the end of time. There will be many more coming. Just keep your eyes on the good ones
yesss but the mod also hand picked .....anyone who helpfull and bounding with community can get og
Awesome! does good art get rewarded? I prefer to draw ngl
hey man Im sure the mods love your art and are discussing your whitelist privileges as we speak
Yup mate hope we both can get this 
yes that is why im here  will not miss this one!
Invite comps are a bummer . I personally dont like such projects. But thats the vibe theses days. I prefer WL through real involvement
yeahhhh go draw man if you are able too.i recommend it
Appreciate it bro will keep an eye on the chat while I work on it appreciate the help man
thank you. i hope to see you up there w me
im just waiting to get tired so i knock out and go get my haircut
yess try it broo.. totally love it
Oh yea. I heard the anime is in the making. And will release this year. I am so excited about it.
Waddup freak.. Whats in your pfp? Thats so cool for Halloween
Exactly brother thats why I like this project most 
N the utility tokens are in trend now days 
M sure this proje t is gonna b massive
hai bro  how are u......chatiing in here?
yeah no worries man enjoy your stay here its a great community. glad u are part of it
yeah cave 2 is the perfect place to chill
I like that project a lots and i cant sleep  bro i got rank 20
Gaming in NFTs is massive thats why this project is super promising
if you keep trying i will see you
btw bro your 0N1 is looking sick
they probably gonna animate thousand year blood war before they even think bout touching the 2021 stuff
you gotta read the manga dude the new forms are insane especially if you a bankai guy
Damnn 20?!?!? You gotta rest bro
LOL nobody is calling you old bro ha ha
Yess just chill in here the cave 1 its so crowded
do you ever sleep lol? i wasnt going to buy decided to crash for some hours so i dont ruin my weekend. Ryu Veedo  you are very welcome
Already loving it man getting such a good vibe off everyone
You got it brother. I am sure we will go long way with this project.
yess we can chat lilke normal in here....cave one like spamming
Just here for the community! And I love the art
Indeed bro n the preview of games is really sick
hiiiii waww rank 20 why so good
nice you still holding your 0N1 bro????
I mean Ive had potato salad before and I do like it
cosmic wyverns actually my first project
Yea man exactly. The utility is a perk for sure
i personally believe so and believe the project is going to go far.
my goal is to get to a level so high that i can sleep and be able to easily make it in the top when i wake up
You must reach level 18 then...
room 1 like kejar setoran bro...... here chatiing like normal ppl
Yeah the future of games will be nft.. Cant wait fot it to happen
haha.Since when have you been involved in this project?
I think itll be the teams choice
I might not even sleep I am that paranoid
Yes mate now cant sell in this cheap !! 
I have to hold it for long now !!
hahaha here chatting like normal people lets go
Man . I sweat my pants off thinking about reading a manga. I will wait for the series . LoL.
just look at the pictures thats what I do
damn bro. havent even reached 14
yess......but later maynbe more ppl joining.... and will be crowd
yeah im about lvl 15 i think myself
yeah it will become more difficult
woah that commitment bro respect
Yess u can go there if u already high rank enough hahaha.. so what u doing right now?
I am too scared of missing out bro. Sick of missing out
just grind when youre up! sleep is important
What do you guys want me to draw 
been such a long day anyone else
im gonna be chatting in here.......try to ranking up
Thats mad! Ive been grinding like a beast buddy!!
Haha ....I heard berserk has the best manga ever. Is that true?
i reallllly want one of these haha  thisiscasper  when did you join buddy?
Yeah truee dont forget to take a rest!
N game as well m really excited for its launch
nice work bro! what rank does that make you?
Damn you are here bro??? So tonight we do the record right ?
its very adult themed I watched a youtube recap never read or watched berserk
Yeah I know man it is very important but NFT more important lol
i am rank 53 and almost lvl 15 my bad. like another 10 minutes and i should be. thisiscasper  thank you KietHoang  thanks!
Find someone you feel comfortable talking to. You will have so much fun that you forget the time and the level will increase rapidly
i join yesterday mate you join 2daays ago?
yeesss later more difficult....hope can secure our slot before more difficult
Brother dn think abt level jst try to b helpful n positive 
tbh i havent looked at rankings in a minute
Haha nah I will sleep just scared of missing an oppurtunity
Thank you so much guys ! It motivates me for sure !
nahh yesterday as well mate TylerTakesATrip  did you take a break or been on whole time?
I hope we both get it before it becomes more crowdy
Shit guys thats insane work on being so highly ranked. Congratualtions
congrats mate! you will be green soon woah you really grind hard man
Take a look brooo its a good thingg to knowing the rank hahhah and grateful
wow rank 153 good job bro...... how long u been here
Indeed mate we are surely going to the moon
Yeah I feel you same here p I really want this one
Yes im joining u to chat here.. what rank now?
i stay chattin it up you feel me im built like that
yeah drake its a good community. one of the best ive ever been into
My thoughts exactly then it gets way too hard
I was 161 slept then turned to 203 
np bro.I will strive to catch up to your rank
Ah iseee im alwayss look just for a pleasure hhhaa
im around 193 maybe now.......but cant stop hahahaha.... bisa jatuh lvlnya
it do be a serotonin boost to see your rank get better
Nope not yet. You can start grinding 
im still very back tho what rank are you?
Guys keep grinding im sure itnwill pay off
hello acquaintances. Do you come here to sell plums?
Haha thank you let grinding guys 
for a little while then i have to leave for the weekend my friend so hope i can hold top 200
wowwwww.....18 hours non stop??? crazy.... amazing bro
Yessss you cant stopppp or the rank will fail lol
yall got more of them sneak peeks tho or what 
Yess must stay active in here if u stop it rank down.. already so many active pol right now
Its riddle time! Ill do some riddles to entertain us
i have to do the same. great job holding ur rank so high
As long as u keep check in now n then u should be safe!!
Yeah and wow very impressive! mechwyvern
 hello my old friend i just want talking with members like me
Im rank 150 this morning and now its 218. everyone is grinding crazy haha
how is this guys? RedEyes Black Dragon 
i wont be able to do that much as i want to spend time with family for once this month p
yesss hahaha non stop for another 8 hoursss
Guyss dont forget follow our twiiter tweets
Congrats to all those with a WL already. Youre in a very lucky position
I knew that im not spam i just grinding bro  thank youu
Have you found someone rich and innocent yet?
but i have to sleep hahahahahah later...... hope not fall to far
oooo i hope they have an all black one like this! very nice
Wow black dragon so cool too i love black dragon make him kinda scaryy and beastt
nah i didnt chat the whole time
I feel You bro! Family time is high priority! Where do u live?
Nooo i dont like that its crazy 
Already eat bro? We must take our stoamch first its gonna be long night hahaahahha
but18 hours in front of  your comp......still good job bro .......
all the words you said to me yesterday were lies?
yes made it a few hours ago haha FREDDIE yes I posted it on fanart 
Brother what is the difference between blue ogs n orange ogs ?
nah i joined 18 hrs ago. not in front of the computer the whole time lol
european! what time is it for u
wiill eat around 7 in front of my computer hahahahhaha .....
Not lies but dont public like that i just joke 
Nothing really bro theyre manually adding blue to orange to detect bots etc
Move over Bear X we are taking over haha
 no one knows who you are. chill
I have psychological question. So there  is a little boy who gets a super nice bicycle from his uncle  but he is not happy and throw it away. Then his aunt buy him a soccer ball and still he threw it away. Why is it?
Brooo in my place takijg somr heavy rain . In your place having rain too?
Whats is bearx? Just a newbie here lool 
he doesnt like bikes and soccer balls
1727. do you want to hear me talk about Vietnam?
im just bein impatient i just wanna see all them wyverns 
i feel like i see you everywhere! ryngtchln  its another nft group that got hacked. We are coming together as a community their to repay the people who got scammed
Idk what you mean with grind but yes its appreciated if everyone stays active
This is work is the best way to put it no other way bro hahaha
Tintin nice to see you here long time no see 
Congrats for the og on this amazing project
It is so good you dont need anymore servers this one is way to active to leave
Hahaha you shouldnt feel the grind if your activity is meaningful !
Yeaahh! Really active here tho hahahaha
Love the feeling of this community too. SO glad to be apart of it
I was here yesterday same  time
what yall recommend for food i needa t hin kboutg breakfast
sir could you bring me into insight on how the mods are so motivated you guys really inspire us to work harder in life!
Wow you got mod in one day? Insane well done
Nice role man. You must have been early here
guys.... lets beat kaiju........ hope this one gonna bigger than kaiju
Yes brother really love the hype here 
yeah idk what this grind he is talking about 
I drop in cave 1 just now damn my eyes gone wild eyesflag
I kinda hoping that too lets goo.. beat someee kaiju lol we gonna make it brooo dont worry
Read faqs and announcements bro everything is there
isnt it. I love how organic it is. Has a different feel to other projects ive been in
It depends on the team and the community
make sure to drive safe to work 
If you love what you are doing you will surely enjoy it no matter whatyoull be dedicated and inspired
do you think we will succeed. i am concerned about the number of projects that have gone below their mint price recently
wow you are the OG whitelist. cool
Is art submission included also ? I dont see it there! Just submitted some more fan art
Yeah u need that.. i just eat my lunch.. time is exp hahahaha
They could make it top 200 in rank
I see huge potential in this project. The road map plus the small release of 3500 makes it so much more valuable than those of 10k plus 
this is a really good mindset! glad to see it in our mods and admin! really gives me even more hope for this project. visual swim  it looks like they have been giving green to random helpful people and people who do awesome fan art
community also have to involve...... no papperhand pls
Yes thats what I feel! They do so many different things here
indeed if you are passionate you never work a day in your life. congrats for being able to pursue your passions bro
i have a girlfriend a family friends and a job. and im also into crypto have to decide which way im going. 
i will call them all later and say goodbye 
Anyone have an addiction to this discord lol
like sub 200 lul. my buddy introduced me to this as my first project and Ive just been chattin away ion even know nfts like that
they already did make it top 200!
Yes and the future with this game is a stand out.
Time to guess whens the snapshot!
Yup I think we will. I have confident!
I think they already made is top 200 mate
indeed many of the other projects have been so greedy with increasing the supply above 10k this here we have a unique gem!
keeps me busy here while i wait to tire out and knock out got halloween stuff to go to later at night and next day
But its not automatically right? They are selecting members that are under top 200 rank so doesnt mean you will get WL just for being under top 200 in rank GNaga  WYVERN 
Welcome in this space my frnd  
Its really a nice project to get start in this nft space !! 
So what do u think abt this project bro ?
Still havent rain in my place maybe in the night rain because the smell of rain already come out
Love to see it! I believe in this team
you can get WL by being nice and engaging in chat 
Dont lose hope guys remember if you work hard it will pay off soon. So this project will surely be worth it cause we are working on it. What we are building is not just a community but also a family love you guys
active top 200 will get it at a random snapshot  they are actively whitelisting people.
Yup agreed! We keeping our supply in check and making sure only those interested holders will get in to the project
with the amount of work the team is putting in everyday i am sure believe they deserve a much higher mint price!
Just wait my man. Good things come to those who wait
Just the art itself has me buzzing
Isnt this more of due to high gas and eth prices.
yeah i mess with the pixel art and the blue eyes ode
Thats is good so Ill be in top 200. Thats easy actually I thought they were random selecting the ones on top 200
You do get selected but you need to have quality convos
When is the result is gonna announce for the top 200 members ?
Happiness is what matters. whitelist is just secondary.
Yeah something about it has me hooked haha
Not sure if eveyone in 200 will get WL tbh. Seems like mod handpicking
not losing hope at all! if i dont get it before the weekend i will come back monday and try again  hope i am not passed up to much! thank yall for being awesome mods. Have had only good experiences here so far. ryu  kaysainz  yes sir at a random time they will take a snapshot. Farinasaur  yes sir just keep staying active and helpful
They didnt announce. As long as u contribute they will notice sometying like that
We have 3500 to be whitelisted. Just dont bother at all
finna snapshot while you at 201
Never compromise not even in the face of Armageddon
Yup the team here is amazing. Excited to see where this would bring us!
Ah isee broo now its timee to get ourrr changee lets gooo.. have you eat yet?
love you too. this is one big family and we will build it together
its good to be here. hanging out in the server. how about you?
Man we are so early! get this white list before the hype gets to much
I really want the give wl to the quality not to the quantity
same! just grinding my levels D
Gonna eat my dinner. U guys have fun!
Cmon rare pepe is happy rich. Dont cry. Lol
well a decent amount of the top 200 are modsadminalready green listed so big chance id still get it 
im just tryna see the next activities already
Better do a meme a GIF or something ASAP so they can note me lmao
hope can get wl soon bro..... this project will be huge.....we can beat kaiju
Tintin Hey tintin would you guys be releasing the breath contract for the community code junkies  to help review please?
Lets goo we can make this community stronger
Yo fugazi.. u still yooing until now didnt feel tired?
we can coexist with kaiju maybe even collab  dont need to beat them. Plenty of money in nft to both be a great floorproject!
Indeed broo lets goo to the moon
Have a good dinner. Im feeling pretty hungry too
aye lmao welcome back havent seen you in a minute im still here
I just eat my lunch bahahaha no time for eat.. i think its already raining in here
I have butterflies after reading through the project might actually be early enough for a good one!
Jst keep motivated brother we can get this
Out of all the caves which is your fave ?
anyone wear night contacts here
Fugazzi na not tired yet waiting to get tired and go knock out
fr being happy is important than everything
yeah plenty of spots to go around man! dont worry
You dont need eat lunch broo. What you need is eat some rank lol
but being on the whitelist makes me so much happier haha
Its a good one mods and community seem solid too
I have school but no classes friday
Question will they close this discord after 3500 being whitelisted?
M chatting in both bro n I think we need 1 more chat room 
guys if youre sleepy or tired heres a tip imagine yourself grinding off and finally getting rewarded with a mint. and you will have finally earned some well deserve sleep this never fails to hype me up
Yeah first thing I noticed man so good to see
LoL. Is chatting in both gives you more xp?. I think not. Its based one per minute. I guess
I think not. The large community is a testament to the success of the project
Yeah team is important. Do not wanna be in a rug project
Sometimes you cant sleep thinking the art you minted and cant wait for reveal. So no sleep at all lol
haha smiling everyday if you get that haha but dont give up youll eventually get it 
Feeling good about this giveaway lol
Yeah hahahahha at the first time i think i can get it before eat then until now didnt make it so better i eat first before pingsan
I hope so I want a wyrns so bad
Which standard you are in the school?
I have seen projects closing the discord after all has been confirmed OG
Im still here just chill see u yooing hahahaha
I cant give up until I reach my goal man. always ready on the track
Yup u r correct bro bt m not thinking abt abt xp n level 
Jst stay positive n helpful here !! 
I really enjoying chatting here coz My so many frnds are here
Hhaaha.. dont pingsan broo lets goo only eat basic. And winning the giveaway
Cant even imagine not getting one Wyrns 
I mean what are you studying in school?
oh im masters in accounting rn wbu
Nice. Are you also working on a firm?
mad i cant even imagine the ownership percentage on the mint day this could literally be the first 8090 ownership projects with fortress community strength
yeah a few projects have done so. but I think not here. Just personal opinion
Oh cool. Then the job gets easier when you got friends around
good luck on this giveaway bros
im working in public accounting next year in the fall 
jokerishere21 kaiba ripped up the 4th blue eyes smh deck limit wouldve been at 4 if he didnt do that
nope its for activity that will get WL
giveaways  make sure to react everyone
Yessss we need to get on top 200 rank
Yaas everyone come react to the giveaways
Yes we do also need to maintain the spot
Oh cool. I am a dentist. Practicing since past 10yrs.
Wont stop till get it broo hahah so what u doing right now?
Need me some blue eyes white wyvern
3333 unique wallets completely mindblown this is revolutionary
you definitely make mad bread I got homies tryna get into dentistry school
Yesss cause if we take a break our rank will fall
good luck all. May the winner deserve it and be rewarded
You got good foundation to be a successful trader. Keep up!
talking in here for hours straight
Whats the difference between a Dragon and a Wyvern?
Yea man. Spamming is bummer . Clean chat with good convo is always appreciated.
I am new here and wow this discord is pumping
I know!!! We have to sleep like goldfish now
What is the diff of this chatbox to cave?
this could be a really good trivia question for WL! you could suggest this to mods  suggestions
na chill i did not enjoy my mandatory finance class
Yesss i want get it today if can. so tomorow will enjoy my weekend hahaha
indeed sir and welcome to this wonderful server of amazing nfts w a hint of grinding for wl. how may i help you
Haha. I wont deny. I am not the typical kinds though. Like to explore things hence I am into crypto then in NFT.
Indeed I like the quality conversation over quantity  
yeah facts. xp per minute anyways
Thank you mate! just finding my feet
i enjoy finding new hobbies more than making bread on the side
you gotta be in top 200 already atleast
Bro I joined here yesterday. Was not active at all. Just got into the raffle and then bam my name came up. But din get the WL because I was inactive. LoL
nope its not guaranteed since if you fall of to 200 youre out
welcome bro. The vibes are insane
We jst need to b helpful n positive here we will get it eventually coz we all are very early here
yeah bro and many more WL giveaways
You must have patience. I am planning to get actuarial math for my masters before. But cant do work and study at the same time.
CRAZY vibes man good to join and see it pumping like this
aye space boiiis to the moon! space boys repping. have a good day brudda
but if not fall .... big 200 guaranteed to get wl?
I need a dentist. You are not in the bay area by chance
yeah bro there are many spots left WAGMI
Yea man. I think the same. And the earning in NFT is so much fun
cassie07 my masters is a 41 program only doing school atm
I love my Space Boy! Have a good one you to mate.
Whe its like this you know you joined an unreal project. LFG
This is what i like about this project. Team wants it to be organic. And love the fact that they decide to do 100 presale.
chat with people about this project or whatever you want as long as it makes you happy
yesss hope can be apart of this project... this is good project
Ohh man thats sad !! Hope u will get it this time !  We r still early here
Yea everyone will get WL I hope 
Yea man. I know we are early. So better to get the spot sooner than later
Hope so too. At least for us who put efforts in
we have the headstart on newer ppl everyone
yeah thats the main thing it will become way harder in upcoming days
good luck to all goodvibes only
It absolutely can happen. This project is only for whitelist so no one wants to miss it
Anyone know how the giveaway works please? Hahaha just keen to understand further as I may read if differently.
Now im rank 100 i want to be 50s for the better place hahaha hbu u already rank up?
really encouraged by the positivity of the community. literally have not been in a community with such vibes rare in a nft bear market
Ive heard we can have an Wyvern as a pet but we need to buy it in Lubjania
aint no advantage we all cookin together 
hey whats up you can get wl by being helpful and engaging here in chat 
as long as you react to the giveaway and have decent activity in the server you have a chance to win D
Yea great efforts will be paid off
Its getting more crowded in here nice
Exactly bro its gonna b more tough with time passes!! 
We have to get this as early as possible 
thats why i hope they pick this soon
Another deserving spot coming up
yeah i was here last night and theres already a lot of members
anyone got movie recs or something im finna watch a movie or something rn
Lets all pray to wyvern god prayge
Make sure to enter giveaway at giveaways away 3 minutes more
100 the interactions here are great
Hmmmmm noted. Its got to be someone whose is also active yes? Thanks much
The project will be great then !
Yea man. So getting to buisness soon. Haha.
entered! thank you very much kind sir
dont forget to join the giveaway guys
yes and spread positivity to everyone... no toxicity
this is undoubtedly one of the most anticipated drop this year!!
hahaha yes iwan is the best ranking and still climbingg.. good to have you iwan. soon you will be green in no time
guys heres a tip enter giveaways with no expectation you may just be pleasantly suprised at the outcome 
yes i think they look for individuals with at least 10 messages in the server before awarding them the role
how i be lookin at em it be like a 1600 chance anyway
Now that would be a pleasant dream
thank you i dont think i saw it
Giveaways so often i love it hahaha
Going great buddy. Which chat are you in . 1 I suppose
who is the dentist??? a dentist play NFT?? and grinding?? woww thats must awesome...
Yeah u too i see u around here very active.. just wait the time will come 
Youre always welcome all of you. good luck. 
someone said they were a dentist earlier
i switch back and forth getting a little faster in 1 now! so decided to switch back so my eyes dont fall off
Aaagggrrhrhhh I missed this new giveaway time? Hi DM you to check something is that alright?
yesss.. we are al so active in here.. love thiss family wyvern bro...  did you enter the giveaway already?
Wow nicee keep it up im 74 now hehe
try and try! until we get it hahaha
sheesh i needa buy me some luck
one of the legendary is out guys see sneakpeek  that is so dope
any coffeetea drinkers out here tho
Haha. I can understand you completely. LoL
These give aways are so fun hahaha heart races
kucingsuper congrats buddy guess you dont need to use the rage room any longer!
yeah people starting to wakeup so chats about to get wild soon
Ah yes i just see got raffle giveaway lets goo get it sir maybe our luck got now
so saddd broo it not our time yet
Hey brother !! Nice to see u here 
Im tired of giveways my account must be shadow banned from all servers in Discord lmao
you can look it aint us homie  
Lets go give aways pumping me up
I feel like this too but its fair
Re giveaway. One need to be active chatting?
Congrats kucingsuper bless me with ur luck!! Hahaha
keep your head up buddy enter with no expectations for you maybe suprised at the outcome 
Thats what you get for raging in the chill cave! Thanks guys!
Ah darn a giveaway when Im away 
Any big news from the cave today ??
maybe cave 2 aint the spot its actually the rage room
Lots of new members and new WL spots
NFT market will be rekt if the price does not stabilizes
ahhh whyyyy whyy mee lord.. we never win it.. so sad
damm bro! well deserve youre really super
kucingsuper  congrats bro. give me some luck
yo for those in need to rage go to rage chat is hillarious XD
already is getting rekt. was expected tbh.
Oh yeah! Congratulations everybody  well done  keep believing if you havent got theyre already
You may check whitelistinfo and announcements  and join giveaways . Thank you dear
Congratulations  I now we are going to work extra hard too
another day another dollar my friends
It is coming bro! I am not letting this project get away
please give me some luck to haha
yooo what lvl and rank are you?
The rest of us are gonna need more luck 
We all can het this bro we r champs 
Will there be art competition or lore writing contest?
Im going to keep an eye out for you  if there was a nominate channel I would nominate!
grats kucingsuper   deserving bruhhhh
Yeah nvm more giveaway coming we just keep active in here.. and wait another ga
stick to blue chip names to ride up the storm they offer good shelter
Super nice of you mate likewise!
Hahah for sure if we made it past 80k people we can do 5k for sure man
how fast do projects hit the 80k people mark
I am looking at it. If theres a number below the congratulatory message that that a level up to WL and if not its the giveaway by chatting yes? I prefer to DM really as I dont want any fuss should I be wrong sorry
lvl 5 requirement to win raffles?
yeah i bet man! Methodson  ill stick to holding eth and paying mint price for projects like this 
I think youre the one who brings good luck
yess its ok  lets just keep active here i know there a  time that we can get our time to shine too..
Nah man 10 messages is the requirement
yeah just cant be a bot thats all
thats actually smart I always end up spending my eth its so addcting
Ooo  well I hope can bring luck to everyone here haha 
Okay my DM is open to aasist you if you have questions and problems
N lot of our frnds are already got the spot here !! 
Its our turn mate lets give our best
Invite contests and also a lot a lot of bots
Has anyone made any fan art? Here are my entries  please give it some loving! httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862605903596949154979871
You have another chance guys  stay tuned at giveaways
brilliant strategy holding eth is key to hedging against NFT positions man whoever said that nfts are leveraged eth products... exposed for truth now
Yes yess so today u now busy ? Tumben u can girnd this time hahaha
hope we dont have an invite contest gee
Thats a good idea actually! This is a great project to be involved in?
hiii you be active in here bro and stay in top 200 will give you a presale an handpick presale so better keep active and keep notice the giveaway who knows you will get lucky
I will be back grabbing a coffee
Truee a lot of them top 200 already
Sheesh so there were multiple giveaways when I was sleeping? Sad
yeah im waiting for even better deals! got some projects i want to get in for a little less
I know right! People are at it constantly
Yea exactly I learnt it the hard way. I had already won the raffle yesterday. But din get it because of that. Haha
Congratulations Fuji ! Saw the win.
someone can drop the link to see our rank please ? 
Jst need to stay active n helpful 
man props to the team you guys have been at it the whole day def gonna keep my eyes peeled for this!
Yea kinda. Din get the easy way. So now trying to get it the hard way 
yes i put a lot of effort in this i will be grinding this likeee everytime and never had any job beside in this cave llolcause i love this family community... helping other
 CR0CKeE  botcommands  here broo  you type !rank
botcommands you can check rank here 
Haha yess 1 of my friends died 15 hours already 
777  SARKAR yess sir 5.3k we early birds 
Now just need to make noise to get noticed haha
Thank you! Youre in! Congratulations 
Aaah one must stay in the top 200 and how long is this running time? Im trying really hard to look but my habis of speed reading is doing me no good hahaha
you can check leaderboard here httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
we got tenacity like that fellas? 
Exactly brother lets goo keep up the good work 
We have to get this early brother otherwise things gonna b mire tough ltr
Cave 2 gang  Oh my god wtf omg omg omg omg omg omg holy frick i got whitelisted holy smokes ily guysss lfggg baby
that blue eyes legendary reveal is insane jesus
Haha yess keep up the good work
Well its gona be worth it that way. Or atleast I can tell that to my brain atleast. Haha
Yeah I can make to 200 but hard to keep maintaining it for long period due to work and family
Ahh i like ur spirit.. im also like in here its like stuck in here cannot go anywhere n i kinda like it bcos its fun to be in here
Oh for sure either way its worth it. This project is amazing.
Thank you for the motivation sir will keep it up
I am good too bro. Thanks for asking. You new here?
my dragon is ready for some cold nights in stoke
Just watching a movie and chilling with the fam here
damm this is going to be over 99999
BainsyGG joined the party brother 
yesss that we gonna gooo for it brooo... go get it brooo our hardwork will neverrr lie to us
Yea man. This project looks really promising. And we are early at that too
Imma keep making your spirits up letsgoo gangss
Same here. I cant stay here like many most like can. Chores to do and working form home with 3 teenagers to see to isnt easy. So giveaway would be brilliant hahahahaha
Yess hope our wish come true.. si do u want see my pantun?
Dont take my spirit away from me sir
until what time is competition guys?
Ill give yall my remaining spirit ahhahahaha
what kind of pantun? i love pantun you knoww
we are just better in everywhere in cave 2  we must take cave 1 over.
jtp12 facts sir always has been party 
Grats broo give me ur luckk hahaha
pepelmfao for sure aawyeah aawyeah 
good good just trying to grind a bit and you ?
Does anyone know if the top 200 rank snapshot has happened yet ???
what level do you have to be to get green
I love both caves but 2 is less spammy most of the time so easier to have conversations
Wyverns are allowed to eat chinese food? I want some orange chicken
cave 1 is for the hustlers out here lmao tell me na
cave 2 is where the real Gs are at
There hasnt been an annoucnement on when the top 200 activityWL spots end
likewise aha was rank 233 before sleeping I know Ive fallen a lot but self care is 1. back to it now salute
no level necessarily its more so just chatting and talking with others!
Bahahaha i csnt do it here.. anyway u need eat first to heal ur mood.. im already eat and just keep stronger to be in here
was anyone in the goblins. you werent aloud to be hungry there or dance
whats your favorite chinese takeout food
GBMM more power to you brother man
yess a bit of rest maybe buttt still i wanna catch up the rank
haha yeah top 200 here we come yay
You mean the goblin nft server?
that actually sounds so good rn haha
yeah too hard can grind on weekend but yeah thats about it. Giveaway is L for me cos i got thrash luck!
This grind aint stopping for everyone
my favorite takeout gotta be the chicken wings and fries
my roommate had kebabs last night that he made they looked soooo good
Just keep vibing and chilling here bro. Grinding is really not needed. With 1 min cool down grinding aint possible anyways haha
Yeah im sure u will catch u i see u very active in every channel here hahaha.. today gonna be long nightt
get me some of that chonky nuggets
take a breka and engage with people will ya
Ive been here since like 12 hours ago and probs wrote like 5 messages max in cave 1
every chinese takeout place got the same wings and fries they bussin fr. grandma used to get it for me all the time
Sorry to any ladies in here everyone seems to be called bro and man. hahahahah
no need to grind just talk to us 
ohhh pink name . its ok it seems like they call everyone bro in all the rooms
Yea looks good on you. Just boosted?
PREWISH  whole squad in the house
Ladies can be called bro too come on its 2021
Yess boss aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah
Oh most definitely. Its gona be one of the best projects out there.q
it doesnt bother me to be called bro. i know they mean no harm
thanks man! time to get this whitelist 
true but also some will take offence to it becauses its 2021. Cant win in this world hahah
hahaha today gonna be along night yes it is right my finger feels numb already
Yeh haha best to just keep your mouth shut these days 
Awesome.... congratulations mate. I am coming for you. Haha
777  SARKAR congratz bro  aawyeah Dance 
BainsyGG pepelmfao everyone following u
cave 2 the spot at this time of day
especially if they make a point of being referred to as her she
have you guys seen the facebook rebranding
wow niceeee off greenieee wohoo
Can check my history bro i got rank 20 let enjoy this party
We are all going to be green soon! Believe!
Yeah pretty weird Meta sounds cool tho ngl
hi sir just got back from workout
did you know there is 70 different identities and they all have there own flag
Ayy good to see you in here. Hows BearX?
Group have almost doubled since i joined.. insane!
Thank you  i will waiting love guys let do it baby god
Is something happen to bearx? A lot of convo about bearx tho
that organic growth be hitting different 
perfect for us though NFTs will power the meta verse!!! Meta is a pretty weak name though NGL
Now now dont be modest we all know ur the hyp thrust 1ste gen aawyeah aawyeah  
I am good too bro. Thanks for asking
feels different too growing at a natural rate
iono how people be having enough homies to win invite contests
speed walk around the blocks and some pushups hahah at least got some sweat
Chilling with the best fam here
BainsyGG   the hip thrust OG theres no doubt about that
yep no invite war either thats really impressive
Hahahaha keep it up .. enjoy the proses my friend we will get it soon
born in Perth live in london now though
Haha yess where ever we go we shall spread the word aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah   
Hope u dont mind us spreading the word here
hahha yess of course enjoy the prosess i love it
Dont know about that but I watch aus cricket though
hows the weather around where yall live
kasperskip precisely! those always result in bloated servers with literally 0 interaction other than WAGMI 
Yooo congrats man! what a legend 
KuroJPEG  good to see you too man theyre good!! 
Landsm PREWISH  i have passed the thrusting over to Landsm  he said he will do the honours aawyeah
hahah yeah spot on or letsss goo
Doesnt matter from where we are all gonna make it thru
Hahaha so everywhere i see him i shall thrust aawyeah aawyeah
so many new whitelist! means less competition in top 200 
Thank you so much. Positive vibes back at you
is it good? everybody mint? or?
less stress about this being a pump and it looks great for steady floor holding
positive carpal tunnel vibes from going at the key board all day long 
north of the river bro were did. u live
man im mad hungry and not even sleepyt
keep up with the wrist stretches bruh you can avoid carpal tunnel P
Oh clever . I never thought of it . Haha
LFG really be the fan favourite lmao
TylerTakesATrip yep a community built like this are in it for the long run 
It got 2 day for mint so i will see it tonight.. yg sayang its daw i flip it to soon hahaha
guys make sure dont forget to follow our twiiter will make our comummity grow larger tweets  lets go people
Yeah like satay if you know hahah
Time to go to work its 730 am for me 
you can do it man i believe in you baton has been handed over hahaha
Haha im sure u can handle it aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah
i am from maylands but i am living in melbourne now
have a good day dude early riser
Yeah bro chicken a stick and orange sauce stuff hahaha
that can be the PG version lmao
i very very sayang with daw bro never mint it so sadd really...
So much going on it is hard to keep up with
I know a lot of people from melbourne how is it there ?
just woke up a bit ago. starting the day!
I got wl jst after u entered here 861687609490276382
too cold for me!!! need to be back to perth!!
good ser little tired how are you?
cold in ny too weather aint it for like half the year
Man congratulations. U made it . Killer
Ah why u didnt mint it the activity is so good than ghost i think
starting the day in the right place I must say
really tired from the grind haha but about to sleep soon
Hahaha u got the aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah luck 
need to move somewhere warmer!!! bora bora maybe! i wish!! hahah
ny still p nice tho of all places ive visited
cant deny that! hope you been doin alright man
wowww woke up and green howss thatts a good news
been doing great my bro any Friday is a good day ahaha   hope youre good too man
anyone got some controversial opinions
my boy w the luffy wyvner thats dope!
Told u we r early here now have have luck of hip thrust 861687609490276382 861687609490276382
Its a grind what can i say lmao
crepcole thanks ill still be in this chat at work lmao
Methodson yeah methods the commute is the most brolic part
DJ music bot? rave cave I like it
Thank you for the motivation sir aawyeah aawyeah  aawyeah
Wyverns fly since babies or they must grow up first?
sup bitch thats just a conspiracy theory
mine is def was covid an inside job
Did you see how the buildings went down? it was apparently a demolition from the ground floor...
Very glad they changed the raffle entry requirements
uh oh raffle role no more bots yay
Yea. The devs really put thought into this
yo i was like 2 when 911 happened
Ive flipped back and forth for my first day here but Im feeling cave 2
Dont think so would have been noticed
two caves for so much chatter! its been electric in here
i was like in overseas when 911 happened couldnt see what was happening at the ground level
Level 2 needed to see guveaway channel 
RYU  A.I.P go to botcommands presss !rank
I am in a super good mood being in here
yeah buddy go check YT  theyre many videos on it showing the demolition
Hey BainsyGG nice to see you here! Rest of the squad here with you too? Brilliant!
Is the raffle channel open yet??
might just try to sleep when i hit next level
In buffalo currently where are you from
Amazing art and community so far
hey man! nice to see you yes whole squad is in the house grinding man
any intel on covid19 origins sir im more of a gen z
you go to school there? I got buddies up there
Need a giveaway. Im cant churn invites or live in chat
Finally. Jesus been high for like 23 days straight lmao
Its going to be tough to sleep on this
Whats the diff between a Wyvern and a dragon?
aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah
A wyvern take you to the moon lol
This is so gonna be fun and pure madness mate! Hopefully my eyes dont pop different directions when the speed picks! Let go get ourselves into the WL!
was below 100 for a short while xd
western dragons have 4 legs wyverns have 2. eastern dragon are long like snake
hey u changed ur pfp buddy looks cooler
thanks for filling us up on the lore
im not too sure buddy. we know it originated from China Wuhan but other than that im not too sure
Whenever I read thecave I think of Mumford and sons
I am doing good. Everyone seems to be vibing great too. How are you doing
yeah i saw it meme coins can chill now
is there a better slowmode here than cave1?
hahahahahah! we just gotta hip thrust man the wl gods will see us i assure you. aawyeah aawyeah
Use ! and rank to get your level
I went to school here at ub how old are your boys maybe its a small world
SPIDERKid no time to eat unfortunately
Ahh tysm I enjoy the clarification. Wyvern vs dragon would be cool
Thought immutable X would of been better
yess so sad when the first timee it wass lemes the activity broo
uhh I got homies from range of sophomores to seniors and some alumn too
Wow finally lvl 5 lol seems like still long way to GO
from malaysia buddy where are you from? 
Feels like this is a good inbetween before Eth 2
Rage is the one place to be . With less waiting.
Tintin id like to report someone botting in the other channel as soon as he saw my accusation he deleted messages i think but his older history is also similar to his current and only after accusing him is he now being normal did he delete messages? a log check might be needed
Edit i just realized i cant  him so idk how to tell you who it is lol
how do you guys get the raffle elligble role?
Gotta work my way to whitelist.
Just woke up and saw the legendary animated wyvern that shit goes hard!
you go to school now youre just a little kid in which class are you
not sure havent checked myself. hopefully under 200 at least
They say level 2? Im level 5 and cant see the giveaway channel
oh helllo Tino! good to see you again
Reach level 2 to have the role Raffle eligible
Lmfao its a long shot but are any of them in greek?
Be level 2 buddy  its to ensure eligible entries into giveaways
i am! i think i am level 8 or something now
heyyyy how you doing  good to see you too
lets go everyone grind grind grind
Already lvl 2 but no role given
Ah nice we turn red now hahaahah
its confirmed level 2 theyre probably still rolling it out tho so give it some time
What is red you will tell me bro
That us the way bainsy aawyeah aawyeah
Just stay active you got lots of time
So my main knowledge of wyverns comes from Heroes 3. Anyone in here old enough to remember some vintage 1999 games?
are we in the next level???? because we are red?? haahh but stilll need tht greeniee
Im sure they are not done yet adding roles
doing great! Good to catch out thsoe botters! Not fair for folks who are actively engaging
gang green gang cave 2 master race lets go!
nice buddy which state? i was in sydney for my uni days 
i do not unfortunately meowsadhappy  but i will keep chatting its no biggie!
Do we need to do anything to get the raffle eligible? Since i lvl 2 already
Red is those eligible for the giveaway  got to be atleast level 2
yea and its someone i know aswell hes getting toxic abt it
Lmao i bet im older than you. Im not in school anymore how old are you
Tintin i dont see giveaways either
After red maybe green hahaha its coming soon baby i can feel it
as long as youre level 2 you guys will eventually get the raffle eligible role no worries
There should be a Shenron legendary trait  also level 2 woot
Same bro I am feeling tingly lol
Chrck the announcements its to not make bots wins
Theyre rolling it out guys be patient 
yeah i feel it too broo.. the feeling hopeee it was not a dream lol
o what!?  Thats so sad and not cool as well!
crazy times were living in right haha its a plague
Man the nft world makes me feel old sometimes
All good ! new days new opportunities
be patient buddy theyre manually adding it im sure  they have to check your message history to ensure its not spammy
Puma from sarawak bro. what about yourself?
ordanj nice buddy i went to usyd  UWA i presume ?
we have to get to lvl 2 to have the role raffle eligible?
waiting for dino bot to tell me to sleep
I probably know them or at least heard of them before then. Small world dude
Ok! I scared giveaways is out lol and i don have role lol
Add a bit of colour to us I like it
861687613069328394 861687613069328394 861687613069328394
you can always check on giveaways  they ofthe give give away brooo
hey brother what will you do knowing your age  by the way i am 18 years old
its disgusting. bring on 2.0!!!!!!!!
aight goodnight fellas catch yall back here later today
good to stop people spamming but it sucks when u try to reply multiple people
yep but even then the chat is so active
Several people are typing... always
Ok got the raffle eligible role woohoo
from PJ here working here currently from PH originally
Yeah I appreciate there are several different paths to WL aside from invitesspamming chat. Aint nobody got time for that
look forward to seeing you again. g9
no worries i think bot is being a bit glitchy rn
Enjoying a coffee to star well the day
Wait for your Raffle Eligible  role guys read at announcements
do you plan to submit some wyvern fanfic 
Yeah we will never know i guess. Thats why its a conspiracy theory xD
Shan dont worry buddy getting to lvl 2 is not that hard  and i dont think the next giveaway will be anytime soon.. but not too sure though gotta be on the look out! 
Puma nice buddy i have a place in puchong but rn with covid its hard to move around. Hows the cases there now ?
enjoy your breakfast and have a good day ahead ser
Ahahahah i thnk i need some boba tea but its so expensise can u buy it for me?
Everyone here loves their coffee hahaha
things moving really fast in the cave think ill just chill in here
dont have an idea honestly lol life of an NFT addict
coffee is super addicting to me ! do u drink black coffee or w. milkcream?
Oh no I have no clue how to do that lol Methodson just gotta rely on raffles
Tintin could you assist me with a botter ? really annoying that hes top 200 and botting unfair on the real grinders
Gotta love it it is an essential in this world
bobaaa tea which one do you want? a tiger suger? or a whatt elsee i forget lol.. btw .. you so good with rank noww i envy broo lol
lmao but thats luck bro gotta have certainty either go all in or nah
hahaha been stuck on your comp for the longest time? eyy make sure to hydrate and check your posture bro. nft space can be very dreadingg! dont forget to take care of your health bro 
I am bang on rank 300  I need to go 100 more
even rage is chiller than cave 1 lol
you can do it salute Im like 275 here for the ride too
omggg i LOVEEE bubble milk tea recently just had a strawberry flavored one the other day drool
Farinasaur been fine how about u 
Shan for sure haha but im aiming for the green one
thanks bro you too appreaciate it
What is the siginification to have a red name?
OMG VAANSH you got WL ! well done bro! dm me ill tell you
In da houseee aawyeah  whole squad here!
I just missed out on OG role. Saddd been here since 500
Damn all the chats are moving so fast
No red yet bot is broken poor bot
allows you to enter giveaways D
mad whats his id though let me keep an eye on him as well
exactly. those are only beneficial to those who use bots and have no interest in the project. what they care about is getting as much wl as possible to profit from it. Not beneficial for any project
for sure bubble tea can be pretty expensive 5 per one
hahaha yess boba buble milk tea will save yourrr dayss if the climate so hot
will do! i hope i also get picked here
no worries buddy gotta keep an eye out for one another 
I am now at 270 rank I also want 100 rank
I am doing okay. Just trying to see whats up with this project
i think the invites are actually detrimental because people create spoof accounts
Yess the bot does too much work haha
spazzin notice how he only started replying to people when i accused him xD
The thrust gang becoming world wide hahaha
imagine paper handing the next blue chip
ooo I love drinking it during the winter too do u have any specific brands  u like to drink from?
WAGMI boys even if we all dont get the WL
Let us pray we make it before the snapshot! Either way it will be fun to chat
Yeah i guess we just gotta look at it like were talking to close friends ! makes it much easier tbh slightsmile doesnt even feel like a grind
and create an empty and toxic community
giveaways chat activity memesfan art are some of the ways
Its an amazing project! The community is the best and the team is amazing! Check sneakpeek
Yeah if you rely on invites and chat spam for WL you end up with 40k on discord but dont sellout Mint
Haha people do it man there always paperhands and flippers looking for a quick buck
whose the highest rank i wonder
Taking all the right steps to make sure it is successful
ikr so sad but i dont think the mods are seeing it 
after the quickflips were mooning
fax no substance to most of the discords that do that
nahh for mee all boba milk tea is good  and taste i only like original milk tea hahhah
This or Ur project sellin out to flippers and then floor crashing haha
Any wyverns here from Melbourne still sitting in the dark?
Where are you from? Did you stay up all morning?
It must top 20 thats the save point bro until this rank it nvr bern save hahaha order me chatime broo
yes right you said we have to do this lets do both together you help me im yours
What is diff between cave and cave2?
Even before that we moon ww just sweep our way to the moon 
Farinasaur haha cant blame him he been at ut for quite a long time needs a break
make sure you eat and drink everyone health above grind haha
Of course but we broke the bot 
Just to split it out really though. 1 chat would be hectic
Yes it just a cup of tea with pearl better drink mineral water
oooo do u adjust ur sugar levels ? I love OG milk tea too esp. from the bakeries
Just another place to interact with people. Less volume so its easier to have conversations. But chillcave  is where its at
i gotta eat soon im waiting a lil tho for traffic to die down
No diff buddy theyre many members so it makes it easier for everyone to talk to one another 
Coach Greg nah bro thats not a conspiracy.. thats a delusion lul
hhaha yess.. we must climbing up our rank!! broo its a musttt nooo noo chatime.. theres a lot bobba in you nearby place broo... pick one orr teh botol with milk blend it and voila its your milk tea
I almost lost you in the chat there where are you based ?
Im doing really well! just had a big feed of mcdonalds now ready to chat
If you have questions regarding the Raffle Eligible role please check announcements
Still is conspiracy just like the moon landing being fake xD
ahh the one and only goop troop
Chilln like a villn like usual. Just got home. How are u doin
Guys lets cheer and shoutout to the team and mods! ShihTzu Landsm MAGNESIUM pepengmalupit Ryu Tintin  Ryu  Wojak Jack MaskByte They always try to make this project as organic as possible Love u all!
mechwyvern  4 cosmicwyvern wingedwyvern 
Coach Greg no buddy thats a delusion.. the moon landing is a conspiracy.. but not flat earth lul
dont have a question I HAVE A BOTTER THO
Good morning tin tin how you doing today
enjoying life about to grab some food. you?
dont leave us peasants behind! 
im on it in from india Where are you from
Haputt congratulations well deserved dude
Hell yea. Glad to see some friend in here
Why is that not a conspiracy theory? Many people believe in it xD
oh really?? hahahaha my bad then....
We wont make it without guys we appreciate all of you
Yup kudos to the team! Well done!
Because its proven i believe to be not flat  but everyone has theyre own opinion
The whole gang aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah aawyeah  
IGOTKIDS I SANTA BEARX yess for sure whole gang is here cant wait to see eveeyone get wl
Im fine hope all of you are fine too 
glad to hear just keep interacting with the community and time will fly mate 
Im back! Hhahaha how is everyone coping! My arms are killing me coz I was at chores and now here!
Yeah it was said a few times and you might be warned or banned
fait is on it way out time for crypto
how did i drop 150 ranks overnight
Wow thats must be amazing  I am in edinburgh Scotland  very far away. Where abouts in Italy??
nope was considering getting at .2 and the rest is history lol
can a mod pls help me with this botter hes top 200 and botting it aint cool elmorage
For sure. May put on my Santa hat here lol
Too early in the morning for me but im Awesome dude keep up the great work you guys are doing for the community
yesss shoutout for mods team who always active and always taking care this community
Andrew27 Space Apes said not to tag u guys that will be the last time for me to do it without urgent matter bro and thanks!!!!!!!!!!!
Due to inactive accounts whitelistinfo
finally at work and have a little bit of free time
New to this whole chasing WL thing but also wondering how people find projects early enough to be on WL
its getting hype in here buddy thats how 
IGOTKIDS I SANTA BEARX now now be patient before u go santa mode enjoy the vibes first aawyeah aawyeah
lvl 11 wihuuupartykirby aawyeah
Oh yea for sure. Im gonna be busy today. Got to take the kids to their dr appt
grats on the WL spot not gunna lie alittle jelly but very happy for you
We are here to help we are building a community and family as well remember that.
Honestly the chats on slow mode... and its booming
Thanks! Im not even in Cave 2 but thanks for tagging! Youll make it too!
Okey oow okey mate hope eveeything is fine
i am from india i dont know so much i dont know where it is
Okay thank you man. Have  a great day
easy when the community is so lit
holanihao thanks.  Any good Twitter follow suggestions?
Sir can you please go to support and check what Ive reported?
Lol sorry autocorrect made Italy I know youre in India sorry !!
Really hope the activity stays as strong after mint. Cause this is really dope
When was the last giveaway and quiz
Yeah the chat is so fast its hard to catch up sometimes with the timer aswell
I rather enjoy the slow mode of it too
I think it will everyone here is pre dope
sup bitch haha truee u need to ping like 4 people sometimes
i am cyncial of my chances but i will do all in my power to make it happen 
Loving the vibes here already. Ill be back in a few
well understood it must have been written by mistake
This cave is lit. Way better than cave 1
Not sure if it is suitable to share links here  basically just try to expand your network by following anyone with nft profile pic 
for SUREE! I pulled an all nighter yesterday
Yeah i have to have my dinner soon aswell! but dont wanna miss out on this happening vibin chat 
PREWISH hahah yeah i have to scroll up and see the pings i have lol thats how crazy it be
Well wait for the admin regarding that thank you
dude its a weekday why wouldnt you catch some sleep
Tintin please see to what i said in support  its NB !!!!!!
Yess sir the vibes are amazing . Okey bro 
sup bitch haha the cave 1 is even worse lol
Frrr Im seeing names I saw last night and its liken bro. Get some sleep! 
chances of getting into WL... mans got a booty call tonight to attend to will be away for a bit brah hahah
yeah the cave 1 is worse.. lul its soo fast! prolly its the weekend aswell so everyone about to go crazyyy!
Hi there if you have questions feel free to ask
hahah cave is crowded too boyss
Why are cosmetic wyverns so dope ?
Hi I checked in there and left almost immediately lol. this is more my speed
cave1 is way too crowded for conversation
Crazy in there cant see any replies
just vibing here with the Wyvernsss wingedwyvern
Im from India Delhi you are also from india And if yes where am I from India
hahah yeah me too but im in both chats trying to keep up with yall!! slow down will yaa
Thats a goid strategy i second that. But i look at community vibes as well. Like this 1 has great potential. Need right oeople who will be loyal and remainbactive
broo.. i think we need to get the giveaway on twitter too 
 so people will follow our twitter too... thats make the follower grow a big one
I promise that here I will only post 1 message about every minute or so
Yea man ...... hahha i know we gonna be zooming like crazy also with new people coming  
Hope u dont pull another 40 hours not good for health
Yo kishu did you get some sleep?
Its afternoon for me mod! Good morning!
Goodmorning buddy!  hows your FRIYAY going ?
corm44  i guess theres a limit if not itll be much more than that hahaha
PREWISH cant imagine in a week or so its gnna be crazy
Chillin getting my mind right before work. Not gonna be able to be as active once Im there
Hey bro need a diet and work out plan how much you charge?
where is everyone from? US here
yes I need to stay up on the minute. I need to do some climbing in the ranks
does anyone here like to watch the series
Haha yess thars why we gotta try out best to get noticed soon    
samesies im from the US here as well
fiverr here we comeaawyeah aawyeah
i surely hope mint is within the next week or so. i dont want the project to get too big. stealth drop..maybe?
We have twitter giveaways so dont forget to follow us on twitter kindky check whitelistinfo
Yeah man slept like 10h but I honestly feel more tired now
I see it as if i get it i get it  its just nice when everyone here is genuine theyre no bots and then its easier
You can post your artworks at fanart
Whats everyone watching on netflix these days?
I could so relate to this sometimes sleeping drains my energry away instead wen i wake up
Good bro wbu? Im planning on going to this very random party tonight but it seems kinda fun so I might go haha
not netflix but Im currently watching Loki on disney Cool
hahaha hows thattt? more tired??? is something bothering?
Netflix series like as squid game
Its official cave2 is where its at
Oh lol thats weird i just woke up after 8 hours of sleep
Looks really great ! Want to visit one day !!
Dont forget to follow us guys on twitter
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Not good for health mate. Better that u do 16 hiurs sleep and then again 16 hours or something 
sup bitch yess sir the communitie is very cool and nice  aawyeah
I was going to visit Tokyo this december but covid restrictions arent letting me  Hope Japan opens back up sometime soon for visitors
Oooo might have to give it a go we just finished watching only murders in the building selena gomez new show. really good love it
nice buddy goin partyin?! where are you fromm are the covid cases lower there?  havent been out in so long i forgot what it feels like lul
i would love to visit japan some day
you might feel more tired but if you go out and exercise now you will feel very great. trust me
I have q couple in the making for halloween. Does it boost chances of getting whitelisted 
ahhh alice in borderland bro its good too
Is there a new one today too? Heading there thanks much Tintin
You can check the website for more info
love the diveristy makes for an interesting group 
cryptodad86 too tired this morning
yeah honestly youll love it! the production quality is outstanding and I loved the feed in from the avengers to give more context.  dope sounds good will add that to my list
Website is live already ? I didnt see website in officiallinks
Farinasaur the admin already responded to your concern thank you
I didnt like it very much does it get good towards the end?
for sure I have alrdy followed u guys from yesterday!! PESHeart PeepoHeart PESHeart
Will give it a go once im off the pc! We just started watching YOU on netflix now too
Switzerland bro covid isnt really a topic since like half a year
Guys sorry for not replying to all tags but Im about to go on Twitter an check your CosmicWyvernsNFT submissions gonna WL some of you now 
Thanks to you. He already disabled it also now just need to review all the spammers and  who took advantage of it because its unfair with us
Im not talking about this website
I still need to watch season 3 aha too much to watch not enough hrs in the day
Kishu have you guys talked about potential stealth drops?
Ive never heard that before happy halloween punter
Kishu have fun going out man. Its gonna be hectic. Stay safe bruh
I always find it funny how the discord always has more members. Either its Bots or people trying to hide the alpha xD
Good mate! Seems everyone is on the grind
Haha pepelmfao pepelmfao i get what u did there 
hmm think i have enough time to dress up as a Cosmic Wyvern that would be some interesting cosplay
Yes the admins are so hands on thank you.
hahaha i kind llike it.. get ready season 2 right noww for alice in borderland
I know right! I saw the first couple episodes last year but deciding to rewatch it. heard season 3 was a banger so we putting in the effort
What kind of talent show do you want.?
Hmm Ill try watching it again sometime I stopped in the middle lol
I work at a school and kids dressed up in some awesome outfits today
same here so imma get on that too before one of these spoilers catches me out lol
What are you doing for halloween?
hal i dont think stealth drops are the best way to go considering the current situation
oh ya tiktok talent show sounds fun AF best dressed Wyvern?
We already banned bots report it to us if you see someone thankyou
for sure! goodluck to everyone on that WL oii
hahaha why i think its awesome but yeah squid game moree good lol..
Aw man id really love to go Switzerland. All my fav watch brands from there LOL
Taking my son out with the rest of my family wby?
what are you saying i dont understand
yeah bro same here Im hoping its as good as everyone says it is
elmorage   mfw the bot i reported is still here
Dont I deserve a WL spot for that? I saved the world
not a party but we let them dress up and they can get prizes
understandable. at this point the community is insane right now. give it a week and i cant even imagine. well need a cave 4 maybe 5?? 
Ive posted three already! Theyre CGI versions of the Wyverns Ive even made a Halloween one. The cyborg one is my PFP  check it out !
Word will do thats amazing if all bots are banned then. Community is really going insane then
So clod in my city... Winter is coming !
for sure ! Ill keep an eye out for bots eyess
Im really great just got to work haha
season 1 was legit amazing so youll enjoy it fsho 
Thats great Ill take a look at it thank you we appreciate it
Thank you we want a fair community here
Defs man already am! You watching anything else at the moment?
Yeah best mods going around ran so well
Say what?. I din really get you there.
We want to be fair to all the members
its a good time. some of the kids get into it
nice nice so r u on break at werk rn or multitaskingg
not many kids come by my house im in a rural area
Hahaha kidding I suck lol but would be fun af
Cave one moves to fast makes my head hurt haha
So real conversation over grinding . Do I hear it correct?
Yess i can see myself enjoying something like that when i was smaller 
Mannn you making me want burger rn like fr lmao
So the manual picking of whitelist members are separate from the top 200? 
Shout out to the mods ! Great theres no invite competition either
Heck ya nice to see you thoughty
yomsssssssssssssssssssss its the morning and i usually just chill but i should start working or else imma look like a bozo
Damnnnn man this looks sooo good
lmao bro why you eat the same burger as yesterday also forgot to mention but your mouth must be hella expandable
nah Id recently watched squid game  alice in borderland however 
I am in America and I work at a middle school
Has the snapshot happened yet ??
Watched squid game in 1 night but only saw first 20 min of alice in borderland you reccomend it?
I just want to share this good burger to everyone  sorry
Thats great of u guys. Thank you for the hard work ur putting in  Dance  
corm44  aah nice man hope u enjoy ur day
Will order some food ! want should i grab ?
Welcome to the best community! Check announcements and sneakpeek
PeepoGiggle breh this COMMENT LOLLKEKWaddle
big ass burger or smol ass handssomethings gotta give hahaha
Good luck buddy. Just focus on building this community too and share it with your mates
thank you! I hope you have a wonderful dayevening as well
Haha. But would be fun to see others doing it
hi my name is vo whats your name
haha yeah did a 23 day bender on squid game was hooked lmao .  yep alice in borderland was great I think it got a lil outlandish towards the end but thats just me lol. first 6ish episodes were great
Wow! So many green IDs now! So nice to see and would be so nice to have it too and soon I hope! Hahahaahh all the best everyone
what does everyone watch squid game for?? im not someone who watches tv shows often. is it worth the time
Yeah I would have a good laugh hahaha
Lmaoo it can fit in the the mouth tho
Yes we are watching over the members that are always helpful to the community
suggesting sushiramenphotacosburger
Good morning to you and evening to me
what the difference from this and thecave
So can I ask the reason for having two cave channels? 
Invite competitions are unfair too and they just keep on inviting bot
promotes a super healthy community 
Turn me on turn me on baby turn me on turn me on
Do you want me to tell you interesting things that I know? Im curious about everyone
I can sing schwifty . From Rick and Morty. 
Dont you want choives? Haha lol
hal Id say its certainly worth the time the overall concept of the show and inescapable debt leading to people acting out of character and doing anything to survive was cool. defo give it a watch if you can
True and also uninterested people that joined 4 join
No WL for the one who saved the world 
Just 22 usd here in ph  this is fire! Ive tasted this lol
Personally don like invite competition
You guys really making me drool
Yeah tbh these invite warz just make the community less genuine. When you get invite warz you invite bots spammers and people who just AFK in the server. Theres 5k people in this discord and only 1.7k online but all chats are vibin. its great what you all have built here my guy  im happy to be a part of it!
I think at this rate we need more channels. Just thinking of a page for those on discord while they are at work. Shows some real dedication for this projsct
He will get it soon he just needs to be patient
Sure . Go ahead. I am all ears.
Two different chat to control volume!  5000 people commenting at once can be quite overwhelming as seen yesterday  we may need cave 3 soon if we keep growing!
Omg thats the biggest burger Ive ever seen lmao
imagine finding 10 friends who know what nfts are gdi
looks good is it 22usd? is that cheap?
yes join uss broooo to the twiiter make it hypeee
Hey guys talk to me why are you leaving me?
jeeez yeah thats crazy even with slowmode
So true. I dont fancy troubling others much. Some may not like being asked to do such.
I just hit level 8! climbing slowly but surely
you guys did such a good job catching bots creating real organic growth and not to mention an amazing project! so glad to be a part of it  
I dont even know a single person that knows anything about NFTs!
Yes for sure so thats why we secided not to have invite competitions for a fair and healthy community
Yes Sir it is hard for some players to get invites.
Yeahhh its cheap in USD but kindey pricey when in philippine peso
yeah did u join the giveaway ? there is so many update in there
I agree with you on that completely
FR! Love every single member here
1700 online but that number is not with the members that appear offline on discord i think so maybe around 2500 online
chillcave is fire if you want to just relax. Chat is much much slower
is there any sort of cultural influence on the show or the plot from it being based in ?
hahaha yeah its hard tbh  but thats why you find genuine communities and build your network from there. dont start with a community that has invite warz or itll never be genuine. Start with a strong solid community and meet genuine people from there. thats how this NFT space works at the end of the day  good connectionss
i already feel healthier being in here hehehehe
Yup people are super passionate here. Hope you will enjoy your time here! 
Keep climbing bud youll get there
Im Vietnamese where I have a pretty good dish pho you know it
this project is rapidly GROWINGGG oii
yes of courseee all join broooo.. mee never late for anything lol
How do u actually pronounce pho btw.
Thank you We appreciate all of you thanks for the support
Hoping doesnt get too quick lol
how much in peso ? are you living in PH?
Nah I am not aware of the food there
yeah same ahahaha already rank 100 bro?
No worries buddy glad to be a part of this community and cant wait to see where this project takes us !!
I LOVE PHOOO!! Its perfect for the colder days PeepoHeart
yesss im rank 86 an still climbingg... wagmiii broo.. no give kendor2
Yeah or well have difficulty reading lol
We want members who are trully interested abiut the project for diamond hands
24 hours non sleep? Well deserved your WL!
keep going bois! its worth the grind  cant  all of you im going to get some lunch!
i love this community And I want to be in this community forever
ive never had it whats it taste like?
Thank you for the dedication sir especially to the team of this project
Yes bro! Try to go here in ph where there is good food!
Seems like cave 2 is mostly dedicated to food talk still 
this is a nice and supportive community. I like it
That is the spirit we need! LFG
Same here bro. If this is what we can achieve in 2 days give us 2 months and we are going places!
This is the best approach to have because paper hands and people looking for a small flip are not healthy for projects because they cause the floor price to tank and encourages FUD. Ofcourse if a project is good at core itll flourish but those people cause some damage which can and should be avoided.
wtf so fast already 86 im maybe 70 better keep going so not catch up with u hahahahaha
yep still wanna visit got some axie scholars that are from PH genuinly nice people
yeaah Id say so primarily derived from the location and general lifestyle of the Korean people. Its only really emphasised in the the scenes where theyre laying background info and character development. It doesnt really creep in during all the action scenes etc. though there are cultural references in several of the games
yes a diamonds handss really good really... thats make project keeps alive..
Were glad that you are enjoying and excited
We are also interested. But what to do this is my first project is
Yeah im sure before launch wed see numbers close to 80k 
pho reads as pho I dont even know how to explain it. You can go to Vietnam I will take you to eat it and show you how to pronounce ok
same as you! did you just join here?
looking at the chat we all are mate
Its really good. Ive read up some and besides diamonds are a girls best friend. 
Yes so no to invite competitions 
Yup! Good move from the team. Quality  quantity. We need people who puts in the effort and have a stake in this project no paper hands!
What other Vietnam food famous for tourist to try?
Im sorry man I was asleep for the last 10h  please dm me the bot
Ohhh axie here is very popular! Helps lot of my friends to get income 
its where the hungry people go.
CamzRC understandable. i have the day off today so maybe ill just watch it in the background or something. ive been hearing a lot about it but your description leads me to believe its worth watching
hahaha  really broo you already at 64 brooo.. dont mocking me... 
Organic is the best way that way people wont shane project also alwaya have a loving communitue
u havee to try it for urselfff there are diff brothss drool
yep its really good like they get a good salary from axie alone
See us work just wanna see you work. LFG
well I feel like thats mission accomplished on my part aha I hope you do enjoy it!
We hitting 10k by the end of the week fosho
So beautiful. have you been to Vietnam yet
yes mr palindrome we flying to the cosmic zone here
Yeah I think we are still early  excited to see what we can do to help grow this space!
I also want to come in 64 dont know know when this will happen when can i come
ah really i tought it 70 hahahaha lets keep up broo
that would be a pretty amazing gain
i hope the drop doesnt take that long though im already anticipating the drop now p
Hi welcome to the best community! How are you?
You pronounce pho as fur and in a very gentle tone. Ive been to and NaThrang is pronounced as NaChang?
Imma say the moon but more likely pluto rainbowhappy
Axie Infinity gives more opportunities to those who lost their jobs senior citizens for their medicinesmaintenance and especially for working students.
yes i do 5050 slp just fair but some get 50 who get higher slp than some scholars
yess keep up the paceee. hurry up need top 50 and take a rest a bit then grind again till top 20
There is pho and bread you eat you will be addicted its different from other countries bro
Hey bro. Working hard as usual I see
a couple of giveaways i would say 
around 270 here will hopefully join ya in the promised lands haha
yeah dont give up now its too early just stay poisitve vibes my friend we all achieve it
There will be 3000 WL spots for real?
Yes very well said quality over quantity
I think itll be the 2nd or 3rd week of November stated in the announcements but ofcourse it may be subject to change  i cant wait for it too!! its gnna be so dang hype
STEYSTRONGGG im not giving up eitherr oii
Woah u great my friend! I know someone whos really greedy make the slp split 8020 lool such an ass
Damn what level to get there man?
I believe its a 100 WL so however many wyverns are available thats the WL spot!
Dont give up u will get it Dance    
RYU  IWAN yess way too early mate 
the moon is like the closest thing to us. Why stop there? I say we see was Uranus has in store for us
good! just had chicken and ramen for dinner! anything up with you?
Yes there are so enough time to get one
no where is Vietnamese pho it will sound different and it will taste so much better because it is made through a very complicated process
I have tried Pho here in my country but i think its not authentic and that food which looks like spring rolls.
Hopefully I am here for the next one thanks!
Thats awesome give me more hope
oh interesting i didnt even see that!!! i wonder if all of the 3k whitelist spots will fill up before then. were going to the moon.
We love each other care for each other help each other 
yeah me too dong give up stay strong babyy
impressive work man. Love your goal and determination
Yes as this is only a presale mint and theyll be only 3500 wyverns. 500 are given to OGs Early birds 2950 are given to whitelist members active helpful top 200 or those manually selected by the mods for theyre helpfulness or fanart or meme submissions and the last 50 for collabs and partnerships 
I think we will have a chance! The community is super engaged here! Hope we will all get the chance!
Ye not even worth to do that imo its like shit man doing that
just imagine once we get that youtube video exposure. man scratch that we dont need that. we have organic word of mouth
Need a parmy friggin starving out here
its different from spring rolls. its almost like a pot of tea but its made of different essences
thank you  always here for ya as well just so you know
I just cannot wait to get into the list! And i sure everyone is too!
Need to eat something ! What is your favorite plate ?
im also gonna take a bath and eat dinner
Those wyverns are so beautiful cant stop staring them
Hi mate did u already eat your dinner?
ohhh i love ittttt family wyvern
yes be sure to read the announcements most of the info is there  also be active and be on the lookout for giveaways !! theyre sneaky and theyve got by me twice alrdy.. aint gonna let that happen anymore! haha
He takes advantage of the pandemic lol
1 to that. Things will explode once more people hear about this!
Dont give up way too early mate 
CamzRC thats kind of u sir thank you 
Go for it brother. I am at work so cant get out . Haha
Hahah when YT shout out projects sometimes you would get the paper hands and real early flippers looking for a small profit so they arent the best to have around really.
All nighters are life at this point lol
We all arre family in this community
Yes i have been there and its amazing. I like sappa a lot
pho wont rug you like flur will
Oh my Im feeling sleepy already
maybe you should go to sleep then
i am level 5 so give up isnt an option
What do you call that food which looks like spring rolls made with beansprout?
rest is important bro nice meka btw
I wish 8 hours of sleep was actually achievable lol
Yeah bro all 3500 spots are WL  50 for collaborations 2950 for WL and 500 for the OG WL!
they post their giveaways at like 5 in the morning EST while im asleep. i wake up and look and im annoyed by it lol
whyyy so sleeepy need the boosterr brooo
Is there any timeline on when we should expect mint yet?
r u on break rn at work or r u multitasking?
wow please come to Da Nang and Da Lat its even better
No such thing lol more like 8 hours every 3 night lol
cryptodad86 2e or 3e week i think check faqs
Whats up cave 2 how is everyone?
Keep having real conversation. That will help you get the wl soon brother
Ye i wish i can take more scholar let me know i wanna add next month more
damn u still here hahahaha im already eat now fully power to top rank 10 hahahahaha
Haha we didnt choose the nft life. The nft life chose us 
im sure there will be plenty more throughout the day bro
I managed to fix my schedule after 2 weeks of it being absolutely ruined...
It is i had two 8 hours of sleep since joining the server  and im still rank 70
Sure i want to help my friends who dropped out of school due to pandemic please lmk if i can add you
I justpulled an all nighter for the first time yesterday lmaoo KEKWaddle
cryptodad86 yess pls do gives a lot of info
hey mods how do i report a bot?
Hahahah. Are your fromVN? How are you doing? My hands are not working they way my head says to hahahaa
been looking into take melatonin. do you?
no its made from milled rice to make a dough and then its very complicated to knead
I am multitasking. Haha. I shouldnt be . But priorities. LoL
Just send me msg dont add haha got 110 friendreq from scholar but its to much soam
hahaha yes mate i was resting awhile ago lying in bed. now i have recharged and want to continue.
What pizza do you get from dominos
peepoGiggle big facktss doughh PRIORITIES  WYVERNSS
Nope. I had to whittle it down by doing 4hoursx2 and eventually the times I slept were at night luckily
Tag a mod with the name of the bot or raise a ticket
What are people going to dress up as for halloween
Now its still working as usual because the epidemic has been overcome
it does help! i would say it isnt 100 a knockout you do have to consciously set your mobile phone aside for it to be effective  kinda require discipline as well
I want some to i recently order kebab shoarma pizza
Still working here altho its already 10pm
Damn how was it? never tried it
Bro I didnt even realise your name. Coach Greg is goated  
wow juyst seeen the animated sneak peak its nice af
good question definitely nothing squid game related as that will be 60 of what Ill see lmao
never sleeep bro now its our life in the cave
I am Vietnamese I am very proud of that. why do you look so racist
yea honestly i think thats the biggest thing i fail with... leaving my phone before trying to go to sleep. even just being in front of screens all night just messes with sleep too
Halloween really isnt that big in the East here.  So we never really celebrate it.
i m not racist bro just appreciate ya know
Damn I really am pumped up for this project tunes gor me dancing around at midnight haha
ooo ik some people that do celebrate Halloween
Will react a bit later on pm hehe
CamzRC I already saw squid games costume
Muiz I feel you I dont dress up like that for halloween like that ever
Hahaha i guess so! But remember to stay hydrated mate
i wanna try Tom Rin Don looks delicious
yuh im from SG unfortunately im doing well cant wait for the borders to reopen VN is first up on my bucket list 
staff ive got a bot ive found you mind shooting me a dm regarding it?
lol be wise use the right words next time 
fair enough lol. have a coffee then or some tea with caffeine
Haha. We all kinda do it . But dont say it.
Hi bro im from malaysia. We are neighbours
This giving me kaijukings vibes I missed out on that coz I was stupid but Im not missing out on this gem
Hahaha dont dance too much and make the neighbors think ur getting controled by a demon lol
Just be it. I think some of you here is a ghoster hahahahaha! just kidding
Halloween is pretty big in the west! Europe and NA but its not that hyped in Asia and especially the South East Asian countries. 
If youre not comfortable mentioning the username of bot here you can send it to me via DM.
just ignore that. where are you from france or america?
We all gotta do what we gotta do! XD
id like to agree...i also missed out on kaiju but regardless of whitelist or not i would love to get my hands on one of these. art is soooo nice
Its good if there is garlic sauce on it hahaha
what we eating for lunch thoooooo
Can we get a W train for this W of a project and community ?
Wow i got wl talking about demons pepelmfao aawyeah aawyeah
I think people are gonna dress up as bots lay the ban hammer on em
You are absolutely right bro. Keep vibing for it.
Bro I saw the animation while scrolling through twitter and I was hooked. Looks amazing
Hopefully mate im really tired ill wake up early tomorrow gonna go to the public market.
I think they are already freaked out lol fat man shuffling and shit
What is it Ive never heard of it
youre not accepting friend requests np though.. Mcway cool is the bot. you can see via message history
congrats bro! heard lee zi jia beat him in the london opens 
I think more or less the same bro
What the different bw cave 1 and 2 ?
Good stuff brother! deserved it
I think just two different channel to spread the load? I could be wrong though. Yesterday was crazy with one chat  things were moving so quickly!
Hahah where do you live? Are you in the west? Because I know halloween is huge there!
100. Im hella new to the space so Ive taken like 4 Ls in a row which kinda got me down for a bit. But I realised that I can easily turn that around with one good project
I can recieve DM though ill check on it
Ohh diff people for sure and good conv haha its goin a bit slower
you might be onto something there POGSPIN  also nice username 
if you have ideas please feel free to share them in suggestions
Yea man. Dont worry about it . One good. Project and you will be good
Hadpicked by moderators. Be the best version of yourself
niceeeee hahaa thats must be your time to shine
oh u got job to do? better u just take a sleep main job is more important
have to get whitelisted. check out whitelistinfo
both were same maybe to divide the population so people will not have difficulties engaging with each other.
Be active watch out for giveaways triviaquiz tweets announcements
I kinda slowed down and am now just focusing on 3 projects
green  those WL. Win on the giveaway or be active to reach the top 200 when the comp ends whitelistinfo
Ohh diff people for sure and good conv haha its goin a bit slower
Thanks for telling me have a nice day
I think fanartmemes and top ranked helpfull people
cave 2 likes to talk about food more than cave 1
Congratulations buddy. Hope you are a diamond hand. Will be following ip
u can make mods angry with u like yesterday they will notice u then 
Hey guys I took a break for lunch  what did I miss ??
thoughty2 hahaha i always diamond hand the project i grind mate 
placebo effect brah those who chat more in one channel thinks its better
in a local vietnam theme restaurant in our country. its like Butter and Garlic Shrimps Tom Rin Don
Still have more change for wl keep it up guys
Nothing but insane growth. Whatd you have for lunch bro?
We got like 2850 wl spots still available I think were all good bois
Some spots in the ladder probably
Why are there 2 color for og orange and blue
Well done to everyone getting white listed!
Thats great man! We need all the diamond hand for this project. Congrats for your green name! 
Good stuff buddy. Hope i get the same luck as you
this is the right mentality for sure. i hope that nothing gets in ur way
Pumpkin soup and home made sour dough wbu?
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  can you please dm me? 
I will do a fat boy shuffle to celebrate lol
uhm im the one purchasing meat fish and vegetables for consumption in our family.
Thank you sir  diamond hands always win 
thoughty2 u will just dont give up bud 
oh yum! cook the soup yourself too? I just ate dinner had chicken kebab sticks  veg!
your color it blinds my eyes so sparkly wow!
We can do it too bro! I believe we are still early!
Happy for you to get the WL dude! Excited to join you there when its my time!
Im home visiting my mum so it was home made. I always love a kebab.
Nice! I have also had a sourdough starter going for about a year and a half now
Ah its deep fried shrimp or pancakes
I am sure we have a chance bro!
Deep fried stuff freaks me out ngl
Definitely do buddy! Its 100 wl
My wyvern soul said I should eat
Oh mums cooking is always insane. Mums have a special talent  hahah
yess deep fried shrimps bro. is it famous dish?
pumpkinsss omg i was gonna cop some pumpkin bread yestourdazee PESHeart
Please tell me you got some sauce in there... Sounds awesome though Im so hungry.. looking for some inspiration!
What are you getting for breakfast? Show ussssss
We just need to be helpful and engaging. I am sure the team and mods will recognise our effort!
Wow  its really delicious  how many loaves have you made ??
Yeah just feel like I dont have the best luck with hyped up projects like this
ooooo deep fried shrimp. can never go wrong with this
same bro and i hate how it makes my face greasy post the meal
are the XP here same as the XP in chat 1
Not much chilling with the best community!
Muiz thank you sir   will be waiting for u with a drink
Oh wow I dropped down to rank 47 
In Vietnam there will be another version of that dish
Mums food is always special. I cant find it anywhere else lol.
rank 47? Or the top 47? Insane either way!!!!
Neither do I! But this ones worth a shot fr sure!
Haha how did you even find this project early dude? 
Not a ton because I just dont have the time to make a loaf but I feed the starter every week to keep it alive. Ive probably made about 2 dozen or so loaves from it so far
Wish i learnt about nfr or crypto while at school. Im now working and this is more promising that my current job! Going into this 100
Im going from cave to cave and somehow is lost trying to reply someone! Thats not so nice of me
People going hard I lost 36 spots over night on my way to recover them
Honestly I wish I had the skill to cook amazing food
I wish I knew how to find projects early lol
Got a alpha group  and that whole group here so i hoped in aawyeah aawyeah
Here since more than 12 hours ! 
dip it with vinegar so delicious.
Have you ever tried kombucha ?? I have a kombucha on the go for almost two years now
lmao dropping from 1000 to 47 isnt dropping its ascending brah
ahh thats good u stil can go out for shoping.. in my place i cannot go anywhere better stay at home
Well I was like 6 at my all time high but Ive been busy 
twitter recommendations brought me here lmao  we all blessed to be here early still hehehehe
Bro just grind and remember the big picture. Community building ftw
this is BIGGLY FACTSS mums food NUMBA 1 !! oii
Well said bro! Love your spirit here!
im glad ive picked up on it within the last few months. sometimes i fail to prioritize school over it though
Its never too late! Im here at this age of mine and Im enjoying every bit of it. Its kind of tough juggling but hey! We make our own time!
Hahah can I ask which alpha group? Like is it attached to a certain project or just some people joined together?
Is it a public alpha group? If so drop link in dms? 
I lost that much too it sucks but we are about to gain 100 by today anyways so its not a bad tradeoff
its dropin from the moon to the earth
I need to work out my twitter haha
Ofc man already in love with the vibes here
covid cases still high there in Indonesia?
Shout out to all the mums out there ! Love you. Hit me me with.  below of you agree
wow what stopped you from gunning for 1 initially? i mean you were so close to it!
Souhate Yeah as long as I stay in top 200 Im chillin  Id rather just enjoy my time talking here than stress
Andrew27 Space Apes GM! Im good HRU
oh mine just popped up i didnt do anything special oo
cave 1 going so fast sumtimes my eyebaws kent ketchup
Just so we can spread the chat. Its prob better this way
So good! need to follow the right accounts
Yes Yes. Forever grateful! Mums make so many sacrifices for us
Yeh curious about that too. Also any tips you could share with us? 
Nice pfp bunni for life got some but hodling
Lets go for it irrespective of what the outcome maybe!!
Not quite  I know some of the people at the very top and they wouldnt give up their spot that easily 
man bots are going to ruin small artists
It gets much harder the higher you get lol
to discuss food no other reason
What kind of bots are you talking about if I may ask?
 cheers gang feeling warm here 
Yep hodling too! I bought super high so I cant sell haha  wish I bought cheaper bc I love the art but it is what it is
I cant say that sorry. We all from different project i joined them because bearx 
King Kro yess sir we get fast info haha. Sorry cant do that only boss can invite  really sorry
I just got dumped by my boyfriend Im so sad
sweet man just taking the dog out rn but it started to rain
If you cant tell you cant be here
Thanks bruh! Lets get this done!
Oh I was just btw asking dude didnt need to know any details. 
did you eat your food  bro haha
im so sorry to hear dat... sending luv ur wei PeepoHeart
All good. Seems like a solid group
Haha true who knows man eth is ath rising
its already cooldown but for the prevent stay at home still requierd
Haha i know all good im happy to share what i can  
King Kro yea its a small packbut we thight
nice lions u got there whats their floor rn?
Yes very fast and good hype team
Exactly you never know and NFTs are in such a bear market rn. The next bull run will be great
ones that snipe a unknown collection because its making traction it makes it difficult for an actual collector to buy in a a reasonable price and then go elsewhere when the owner of the bot was just looking for a flip
Honestly the only actual difference was that gifs work here lol
what do you guys think about phantom going to ios??
you created the vip cave I like this cave the best haha
Sounds 1010. Hook me up if you ever get the chance 
A nice friend I made in another server shared the invite for this with me today! And despite the members and activity I still feel like I got in early. 
l just hope they keep the web3 browser intact!
Yup indeed! We are all still early!
What about the Whitelist chat?  keep going 
Yes me bro. Feels like forever ago now
early but we are RAPIDLY growingwingedwyvern party
Do you work there or live with your family?
This project will go till the moon
anyone just tried to buy the new yeezy foam runners?
Glad to meet u .  iama crazy English learn.
we keep pushing forward trying to win a giveaway 
its gonna be so hard to get under 200 and stay there lol
Methodson sort of like how metamask does it
noo.. i need a teacher who can teach me english. my english is so bad
King Kro will ask the boss and see what can be done  we like to usually keep it hush hush 
Muiz thats kind of him. Yea ur earlier than the other 5k that will come 
I can see the project go 10k end of the week
Yup indeed! I think we will hit 6000 members in the next few hours!
Dont have that as a goal man. Just engage genuinely and have fun in the server and sooner or later you will definitely get selected!
I didnt know we had that chat. This is still the vip cave even if I get whitelisted LMFAO
You are learning English? Much needed in this space for sure bro good luck
because I just broke up and got scolded by my mom
Yep so we may wait for the big boost nft
i agree 6k incomming very shortly 
mannnnn so saddd we can be friend ya know
yes I am looking for an English teacher. would you like to teach me lol
Bear market is the best time to accumulate the good ones. Once the money flows back in we will be flying to the moon. So diamond hands only!
Ah maybe you can learn from interacting in here. Feel free to ask me any questions or for any explanations
Yes Easy in few hours we are 6k
What are you doing or are you just staying at home?
were gonna reach 5500 members later. Please follow officiallinks Twitter account too. spread it to your friends guys
Haha I dont think Im qualified for that not my main tongue as well
I actually think it can easily be 20000 in like 79 days there is so much great potential here.
Same wyvern should be in the bluechips
back. did I miss anything important
apeshit treasure chest being dropped tmoro
Dudeee the animated Wyverns look amazing this will be big
Fugazzi omg sorry haha I was at like 22 last night!
Yes. America and Europe is only waking up now arent they?
If 1 yt talkes about us we go boom
I really love how active this community is lots of kind people also
All channels are great cause all members are great too
I love animated ones. Such a sucker for them
this is definately one sure fire way to keep bots out
just vibing with the wyverns !! oii
Yup! It will only grow bigger and bigger from here!
word bro ive been stacking up some names while everyone in the chat were turning negative buy when cheap  sell when pump. think and act like smart money
Cant believe this has only been out for 2 days
Hahah I honestly dont want YTs to talk about us just yet because it might attract the wrong crowd! I would rather we invite our close people and friends that we know are diamond hands and will hold!
We always are everyone is ready for wyvern haha
What blue chips you guys buying while market is down?
Yes. I feel theyre a huge part of the population!
I know the feeling! Im WL in another and keep going back everyday to jus stay hi to the others. Many would have just stayed quiet and worked elsewhere for another. The saying home is where the heart is seems to be in okay here
big facks dough energy here is STRONKKK oii
Yup! When people zig we zag! We need to be different to win!
Honestly think its bound to happen
It can go both ways with yt especially after so many project got disc hacked
best Ive seen yet in any project
OMG same! They will be expensiveee though haha
no FUD either that is refreshing  nothing i was just commenting on the system and the how the WL is being done
YT videos arent the best for most projects that is just my judgement. Haha.
hi there welcome to cosmic wyverns brah. howd you land here buddy
Q1010 oh amazing hardest language in the world lol
more if we keep the hype like this. they have to do well on their socials too
For me it depents on the youtuber some can bring massive fomo into projects
Yeah with the traction we are getting likely only a matter of time before someone talks about us!
what does  sg means?  I dont know can you tell me ? CD here is too longT oT
if we reach 10k new sneak peeek p of the wyvern fam 
Hi fellow friends hows Malaysia?
Please tell me a story to help me get rid of the mud
thanks buddy. I just had a hard time working. now im looking for fun in this community
Without a doubt. Thats why we gotta enjoy being early and make the most of it
hey bro have u tried new jap resto in sg named Suko?
Agreed here actually. Definitely depends on which Youtuber because some have great communities and some just have paper hand flippers. Nice point.
spekn facts rite here rooAwwClap
Yup agree with that! We are early here!
Malaysia good wanna visit here?
some say this place is like work but bro enjoy the good vibes in here youre gonna do well!
If you want to learn chinese I can teach you ! we can help each other .lol
Is it a bistro ? Or pub?never go before. Nice?
Yes sirrr taht will be my goal next year which part of Malaysia are you from?
Yup! enjoy the network and conversation here!
for prestine ya .... so you excited about the drop? i hope i get a good one
yomsssssssssssssssssssss thank you sir
gm.. New to the discord.. Hearing some great things about the community so looking  forward to chatting with you all
Yes ofcourse. Exciting to see it on imx as well
Pub close now because of covidnow only open until 1030pm. Cannot enjoy.
Isnt that true for all of us as well! Haha.
baby dinosaur Give us this story. Were keen
huhlo TKBit !!! WHELLCOME to the WYVERNS SQUAD oii party
Welcome to the team! We are still early! Check out the announcements  and let us know if you have any questions!
good morning to you sir or madame
Hey mate its a solid group  good to see you here
welcome bro. i recently joined too and already feel as though ive been here for a while
Selangorklang. You malaysian too?
im doing good. nice seeing you here
check announcements if u r wondering why
i got in alittle late but before it really took off great project
it messed some things up with the bot. its for the better that its gone for the time being though
Yes ser but Im not in Malaysia now Im in other country nice to meet you here my klang buddy covid case good?
Hell cave dwellers  who is new in here ??
im gonna get one if i can fokin liquidate
vibing with the Wyverns twan   t 4 7 phor  suree PeepoHeart
Winged dragons and breath tokens sounds awesome.. And finally a project not pumping invites.. whats the point of a load of people that arent really engaging
just sittin on front of my laptop and hear some music
Isnt it! Its a bit of a fresh air. Cave 1 is going so quick I cant even reply to convos.
Man just got a good massage. Its rejuvenating
Yeah.  We just chill in discords and have fun here for most of the day! But this is one job that we can do from anywhere in the world so we do have that luxury
yep wish i had gotten two but you know what they say about hind site
Right!? Some of the others lately have not felt very genuine the way pushing invites
I am from Philippines. Where are you from ?
Im in my office and I can here the PE teachers in the gym playing Somebodys watching me
Cave 2 is where its at. Everything is easier to manage.
the drop is going to be purely whitelist only rigjt??
Oh thats good to hear.. Go Cave2..
going strong ova hereee with other Wyvernsss party
Im from aussie mate hows Phillipines? Covid under controlled?
Thats a big problem in the current market
Ive heard its way too hard would def love to learn but idk if i got the time lol
Good morning. I see there are more giveaways while I slept. Lesson learned
ye all the moneys going into crypto again
Yes. And the food channel is not where its at. Its dangerous to look at. Makes me too hungry ahhahah
oh im from viet nam. we are neighbors bro
Nice King Kro.. Thats good to hear. Where are you at ?
Whats everyone excited about today ? Its almost the weekend ! VeroSolo its important to sleep tho chopchop I didnt know there was a good channel uhoh!
Haha. I can understand. If you had 2 you would have wished for more. It never ends
are you going to get into JRNY drop?
Yup! The fact that this project has grown so much in just a few days organically without any sort of invites competition etc just shows how good this i!
The blood bath nft market now haha meme hype is on again
Hope I can get one is there any info out?
Honestly the same that I told you!  Just chilling in here having fun with all of you.
o well at least im gettin gains through crap coins
Yep it was only recently created. Its dangerous. The pictures make my mouth water lol
I want to come in rank 100 Is there any off its coming in 100And someone is such that who can tell how many days I came to level 17
Im excited that its Friday!!! And  I will still be getting my 5 to 6 hours of sleep every night 
Haha. I know. Thats brings us many buying opportunity as well. But I stand at level ground with you. Zero liquidity. Haha
phor shore cave 1 is preddy populated my eyebaws kent ketchup sumtimes
Yeah so true a few projects havent felt great on that score.. What do you like about this project cryptoDad?
going out this evening to a house party so excited for that 
well i cant argue that one   some info if you follow him and doge both ThePunter
if i cant get doge in nfts ill get doge in coins lul
it takes a good amount of hours in order to reach it
I dont remember which but one asked for 30 lmao
Is  anyone else gonna be muddling through the work day today?
yeah Ive been going for a while and Im still only in the low 300s
You bet. I will take a long leave from the office if I have to. LoL
anyone watching anything braindead on netflix lately?
Yeah perfect eh.. sounds like the way forward to get a great community.. What is it about he project that has caught your attention?
i hired a few people to help on that one too myself
I have a question  would you like to  tell me what s abbreviation of def and  idk? I dont understand them.
same here. not a problem though. ive got all day.
now i am on level 10 240 rank is mine Im on 200 now merko aaj hi 100 rank main ana
Ofc love the art and the project sounds fascinating. Also the community is solid and mods are keeping it very clean and are very attentive. Super organic project feels it is going places.
Haha I dont think you are that dumb. If you into nft you are already smart I assume. Haha
for sure slower messages but a minute slowmode is a killer
Daily reminder to drink water!!!
Thanks.. Im just having a bit of a look around atm.. I enjoy this stage of a new project
i started this yesterday so now im too close to it I am going to come on rank 200 in a while
Nice broo!! keepp the grind goinggBDOPE
good bro. Keen for the project. How about yourself?
Smart you which one are you aiming? All these virtual world metaverse projects are nuking MANA and SAND are doing so good
Needed tho to stop spamming and keep convos
hey guys whenever you see an influencer posting something we can raid just dm me the link of their tweet 
Definitely and I dont know haha im here if you got any more doubts
Heard about this from a pal and the moment I am in you can just see the comments going in people interacting with each other. You dont see this often really in other projects. Everyone is positive and friendly with few bots or people FUDing. Really impressed by what the team has been doingmanaged to achieve!
haha I have to work and my job keeps getting in the way of important grinding
looks like a tough grind ahead but for the art  worth it
np do some research i suggest it would be worth your time if you have not already
slower messages? not by much though
 Ive been hooked on since I joined as well! Its a good vibe
cool I just saw announcement seems like I still got chacne !
MANA and SAND just pumped because of facebook changing their names to Meta. . and I hit the fookin lottery today with FLOKIG i put in 1k yesterday
Yeah I will need to when I get some time
damn boring life is a happy life hahahhaa
Yeah that sounds great..  Oh yeah the animated version of the Wyvern Master is on fire.. Nice colours too hey
no to follow any info so I dont miss anything
Yeah you really cant find this elsewhere and I myself is involved in a few projects!
phor shore we are being given meni opportunities ! PeepoHeart
I got it.thanks for your help.You are so kind .
Just chillin out chatting with wyverns
Yeah I believe active still got chance !
Me too! I literally havent looked at any other project after finding this
anybody high on any other NFT projects at the moment?
well im dumb enough to put most of my capital into nfts need to be more liquid. lesson learned
Did you see the other tease in road map? Whats going on there!?
this is THE place to be on discord
under 20 I believe so nice size 
i luv ramennn esp. on the colder dazeee
Yes that is manageable  will you drink ? Hey sup bitch you good ??
Yes its a little chilly today so Im hyped 
Nah bro. As more people chat itll be a higher ranking. Level 11 wont guarantee a top 200 spot
the cave 2 will still be the home for food discussion
Okay keep going mate this project will be to the moon soon just stay here
food if you look the very top of the channel your mouth will start watering 100
Youre good matee these meme hypes are going nutss haha took your profit yes?
Nice. Yes seems like there are quite a few actual conversations going on rather than just frantic typing. Artwork looks super nice.. thought Id start with the Sneak peeks..
Nah man. You get to learn from every step you take . Wont call it dumb. I am infact in the same state as yours.
Hahah its not that boring though! It has its upsides.
u ever had pho? those r guud to for colder daze
idt MANA and SAND are meme coins. theyre P2E and will definitely blow up in 12 years
Hey ! wow u have green name here
will I? hell yeah! Ill likely be on a rum  coke vibe I think
Yall were making me hungry haha 
Nope because it isnt a set figure. You can see your current stats in botcommands  with !rank though
sup bitch rip I tried saying your name without tagging and message got deleted 
Same. Only graduated like a year ago too  I miss the people
No very early here just checked out Sneak peeks.. But thx Ill check the road map out next
yeah lets just hope for a bull run soon.
just won a free nft on another server!
should give it a try one day ! PeepoHeart
You can post your artworks here fanart  for a chance to have a WL spot
Damn the cave is way to fast is it possible to have a convo inhere?
Congrats bro. What project was that in?
school is a great time sad theres no way back cryIgnore
A 100 need to dca along the way and thanks to mark Zuckerberg 
I think we can agree that this is a gem  Hope we both get in. You have been in here longer and more active. Rooting for you to get in first and me next!
Well almost everything is online at least for me so I dont get to hang out with ppl very often
Yes people here are engaging with each other
hieee LeafFlower!! WELCOMEEE to the WYVERNS zone party nice 2 meet u
decided to sleep and im back to 205
you werent lying.. sup bitch that is absolutely insane
But the NFT space itself is very exciting. Learning about them and when you see your project rise and associate with experienced people its a new unique feeling for me.
Is there any themetopic the art should meet? Or just a wyvern somehow diffrent?
haha youll get it back in no time. Ive been here all day only mid 100s.
Nice bro! Does it have a good road map? Project get you excited?
Keen to put something together tbh
Thanks bud! Hopefully we both make it!
when i see one project that risin its like i see a new oppurtunity man
Hmm liking what Im seeing there.. Im keen on gamification projects
phor shore im in cave 2 rn bc cave 1 chat goes by too fast my eyebaws kent ketchup sumtimes aPESWTFEyes
I believe so let your imagination flow
i had that for my senior year in uni it sucked
Haha. Cant rest untill you get the WL right?.
Very true! We are really still very early on this space. I think we have lots of potential and I cant wait to see what is waiting for us next!
Okay thanks guys for the quick reply  ill try my best!
Anyone minting anything today? Gas seems to still not wanting to slowing down haha. Damn dog tokens
Killing it guys growth has been so solid
Hey freddit i just woke up ahaha how u doing
I heard through word of mouth too.. better that way
Im djing in a club for the first time in ages tomorrow. Really excited
phor shore!!! Wyverns have been growing RAPIDLYY oii
is anyone here from india because i am also from india
Niceeee!!!! Will you be using some CDJs??
Give away boys  goodluck to all
Organic is always more legit green flag
Thanks. Been a long time since i saw someone with a durarara pfp haha. Love season 1
It sucks so much just got my 2nd dose tho hopefully it will be over soon here
happy friday indeed! how u guys doing
I am from india bro which city u live in
Thank you and Nice to meet you to
im doinggg guudly and how r u??
yo! epic man youre gonna kill it haha
Absolutely! I think word of mouth is really one of the more effective way!
wait has mint date been announced yet?
I think they scrapped the red idea
Thanks god thought I would lose the raffle
Thanks mate Im getting all my music ready FREDDIE yes Ill be using the nexus cdj 2000s  must remember not to drink too much
i am from india i am from delhi where are you from in india
I tried to look at announceemnt but dont see anything about mint date or mint price
Hope il will win once in my life
big facks doughh lets get Wyverns to grow BIGGERRR party rooAwwClap
Hahaha it was really interesting back then not a lot of anime are like drrr!
nothing amazing but a free NFT is a free NFT
PSA please join the giveaways happening now!!!
I need to get a booster shot soon its gonna be a pain is the ass
?? the servers been out for like 2 days and WL hasnt been filled so its not tomorrow...
Good luck to all my cave 2 homies!!!
yeah they dont make em like that anymore!
Getting early in a project is always a great feeling and the excitement you feel is doubled when you see genuine activity all around.
sweet! sounds lit. no such thing as drinking too much neither 
Another giveaway ending in 12 minutes giveaways goodluck
Yeah agreed.. Kind of new to Discord.. Interested in the Server Booster role that you have.. checking google now for a bit more info.. but what advantages does that have either personally or for the server.. Thx
Everyone lets join the giveaways
where are you from delhi BRO from which place
Apparently its like 6 months after your 2nd dose. it blows
Thanks! And congrats on the green 
It helps the server do.. Things ahhaha they listed the perks if u click the boost server buttton
GOODLUCK ON the giveaways PeepoHeart tysm for hosting these btw Wyverns team uhpreshe8 you guise
hey Robert you still here!! most green guys usually leave me
Imma win em giveaway fs. Sorry guys got em this time 
Nothing really you just support the server and you get a cool color!
hope everyone had a good night just woke up from the best sleep lol
This project just gets cooler and cooler
Ill never leave you henry! We stick together in this cave! 
Haha okay.. nice.. google is being a bit cryptic too
How many giveaways are there in a day?
Souhate true but if it mostly works it should be fine.
Henry I feel like Ive met you in other servers dude! How are you?
Just click the server boost button it ahould be quiet straightforward
Yes bro public i am from kamla nagar. near kashmiri gate
Bes of luck everyone! Love cave 2 
giveaways  guys ends in a minute. Just stay active and youll now
they seem to be pretty frequent tho
PSA please join giveaways  happening now!
Have we got a nice geographical spread in here ? I am English but currently living in Japan.. just waiting for the snow to arrive for my favourite time of year
giveaway for whitelist. fingers crossed!
There is when youre djing lol. Ive played and not remembered any of it. Not cool!!! But its all good fun
ahaha Yeah probably! im chillin i just woke up eating breakfast while clocked in work hehe hbu
Robert yessir we stay together in the VIP hows your morning
Ikr! The project gonna pop off real soon!
how old are you? do you dj at 21 venues?
Dont forget to apply for give away fam
Not 10 I dont think it seems around 5
I feel like weve talked somewhat in the Furballs discord.  Are you an OG there perhaps?
got to be in it for a chance. Good luck bro
damn bro if u got time to discord at work u chillin dawg.
hope you guys have a amazing day
I love your baby kongz too cute my friend
Much love here hows everyones morning
i have a packed schedule today so might not be able to chat til the afternoon but im happy to see new faces in cave 2 hugheart
Hi! Im in Malaysia if mix parentage! Known as Eurasians in this part of the world.
Good luck to all of you we will make it
I guess staff would also notice you easier 
Ohh yeah im furry OG over there haha no wonder your name looked familar. are you OG there?
Looks like this time there are going to be 3 winners
this is the right mindsetPeepoHeart sending lucks to every1
yo beep send me a friend req rq
Dont go too far bro. Theres a giveaway to get on. Dont miss out
PSA giveaways happening soon everyone!
thank you ser price is gonna drop if eth keeps pumping. might be a good time to look into buying one 
level 2 now out of nowhere ? jeeeeez
I hope we gonna be lucky enough to to get it ! Didnt start yet to grind 
Oh yeah this is the most winners theyve done as far as I know
Yes ser! Im an OG there.  Happy that you got FOG there! 2 furballs at launch seems too good to be true. Are you excited about that?
Okay well Ill need to think about getting Nitro and checking it out.. Thanks
thats great started from early age
I hope you have a good time  my fam
We can all make it fellas stay strong
Morning there its 8.35 pm here 
Yeah some project can gives u WL just by boosting. I dont think wyvern do tho
yeah mad excited but im just chilling here now mostly but i hop back on there every now and then!! i cant wait for the release
wow i just joined hope i win the giveaway
Hey Pat.. Nice to meet you here.. Where in Malaysia are you based. Ive visited quite a few times.. both the mainland and Borneo.. I love Malaysia
Any other projects that youre excited about apart from Furballs and Wyvern? 
Wow just joined and this is poppin
Nice punk ser how much does it cost you
make sure you have enough messages they reroll if you arent active!
Curry taking his talents to cave 2
giveaways  happening for the folks who just joined! Please check it out!
So excited whooaa would love to join too
true jpegs are addictive and fun
I think  the lucky guys  is  me
Good luck all. Lets GOOOOO. WAGMI
lol literally at the other side of the world 12 h apart from me
Get some juice everyday stay hyped chill and be active guya !
i got the stringify drop tomorrow morning and uhhhh im praying for bearx hbu
Yes well its 18  in the uk but I am 35  never too old lol hal
Thats a really good looking doodle
Yeah thats a good shout.. always good to be noticed hey !?
wyvies from NYC representing ova here party
giveaways  happening soon anyone who just joined please go check it out!
I would say that this is a rather bad one but thats why i like it haha
I want WL so bad but people are just typing too fast Im losing ranks by the minute
good  luck  guys  have a  good  time
Im a small little potato still grinding my way up haha too exp for me wyvern is ma only choice now buddy 
Still a long way to go before whitelist is capped
Just started following on Twitter too.. Not so many followers over there guys and gals.. Come On.. Haha.. I sound like a YouTube influencer now 
Keep up the good work everyone!
dont worry its top 200 and i dont think too many people are going for it its just an active community
Hell yeah we all gonna make it out!
Doodles are dope but have you seen the creatures?
Lets get this Giveaway guys. 3 people is huge!!! Lets go!
exactly. no reason to panic at all
Landsm yo bro 861687609490276382
Is there 1 min cooldown in here asw?
glad theyre increasing the size!
You still going to mint BearX even after what happened in there? And Im chilling as well! Trying to look for new projects. Found a new project called Turtle Shell Islands and EvoSnails which are interesting.
Remember to check out giveaways if you just got in!
well this is definitely one of the more promising projects out there
Haha so many people are going for it
hey hey welcome man! im new as well
Particularly on a project that people are super excited about.. No public mint eh  I like that  Gas fees have been crazy just recently
I need to see this do you have a link?
a cave 2 member is winning it calling it now
this project looks awesome. great looking community aswell
Its still crazy. Its still above 100 for 23 days now
Final call for giveaways  please check it out!
every member has acces to cave 2 so you are not wrong
exactly! this is real hype you can tell its organic and people really wan tthis
Is anyone here grinding while theyre at work ? Risking it all for the Wyvern haha
already joined and fingers crossed already!
Organic growth is going to be really nice for activity in the long run
Yes. I love it. These moderators have to be my favourites Ive came across in any project. I love how interactve they are and they do so good for the community. I love it
Hmm i might check those out!! how did u find out about this or furball?  i think minting bearx will still be good but i dont think itll be as good because of the incident
Okay.. yeah it sounds like the developers here are thinking things though pretty well.. Dont get pigeon holed eh
Because i love my cave 2 friends!
Sorry dumb question what the different between cave 1  cave 2? Lol
thanks bro  good luck to you too!!
Doing great just waiting for the results of the giveaway
We all got a chance if we participate!  and I think there will be 3 winners this time round!
Literally staff is the reason this project is so loved. Great communication and they listen very well
So I found about Turtle Shells through a friend in Furballs! They have the same mod team as well so they have a similar feeling there with the same WL process.
no different at all lol just friendly competition i guess. anybody can be in any cave at any time
time to go do some real work for a bit
Its the same! Just easier to read messages cos its distributed
Yes sirr the arts are dope and cute at the same time I dont even know how they pull it off 448729b5fb99472a9f64314f6c220303
im just glad its friday and the weekend is ahead of us!!
yomsssssssssssssssssssssnew name?
Did you guys enjoy yourselves today?  I hope youre all lucky today
Isnt it. They should be incredibly proud of themselves. I love it
phor shore! sending luck to everyones way ! party
whats a turtle shells i might check it out
art is one thing but their roadmap is similiar to kongz. and if we take kaiju who has a very similar roadmap theres a good chance that this will flourish
Wei Congratulations on winning the giveaway!
when you work all week its the highlight you know
I just got wet and miserable today
They look really nice wow love it
Nice that the OpenSea link is up already.. no scratching around wondering if you have the correct project
ahhh interesting imma hop on there then LOL i love the furball mods
yep more time to chill here on weekends
congrats to the giveaway winners. be proud
I could not get anything in!. Everyone is so fast here
Where the bear fam at pepelmfao 861687609490276382
go to chillcave its friendly there
yea some dude made it not official tho
What you not working on ? Nice one yomsssssssssssssssssssss !! You good ??
Its smart that they verify the activity of the winners
Hahah yeah definitely check it out. There isnt much detail about the projects but the roadmap there is looking amazing! minse096 Dude hit me up in the DM and I can share the server details with you!
LFGGGG thinking of going to NFT NYC?
The legendary wyvern looks sick
Thanks much! Will try soon. Its nice being here but there are time that it goes by so fast! Hehehe
Woww congcratssss on winninggg the giveawaya
yea no work on halloween ayeeee
Ah furball wl is slightly harder to get right?
Andd they are handpicking the WListers too diamond hands are for real
chillcave also give you exp dont worry
Yup! Absolutely love the night theme
Hey CryptoDad whats happening.. we met over on Messageto Martians.. Good to see you here  this looks like another promising project  Im not stalking you  honest
Helll yeahhh!! Excited for couple of NFTs i hold
i hear a lot of people talk about this project but havent seen it myself. is it sick?
guys never work.. they make u miss giveaways
Wow the rerolls o congrats Snowie
yeah for sure man im also in PolyPixos if u wanna check that out that might be good
Yea I will say its a good project.. Crypto gaming is the future after all
I never win.. but ill have to keeo trying
Haha! Good to see you too man whats the new pfp?
just planing to chill here with the wyverns tn wingedwyvern
yea for sure breeding and tokenomics attract whales. and whales are a great sign
Congrats to all the giveaway winners!!
But first we grind to get whitelisted
you won!!! gratss!!!!!!!!!  u deserve it seen u grinding
You mean compared to Cosmic Wyverns? I believe both are pretty equal as you get rewarded for genuine engagement in the community and then picked by the Mods and Admin team!
Whats fur balls! Been hearing bout it everywhere
Im just liking the vibe atm.. still got a lot of reading to do to get a feel for whats being proposed
didnt win the giveaway. Ill have to do it the hard way I guess
Nice job! Happy for you! congrats!!!
Its okay bro more opportunities for giveaways
Probably the most positive discord Ive been in regarding a project!
I think its going to be a fun time even though i dont have any nfts there
Congrats to thsoe on the WL. Well done!!!!
hey morning other HENRY how you doing today my brother
Ayyy many rerolls but congrats to the winners!
And youre a whale too  hope they come out some gaming like CK VX too fused with sandbox it will be great?
Congrats to all the Winners !!! 
Yeah looking forward to that side of things getting sorted.. I guess we see it as a necessary evil but it has actually stopped me minting a few projects the last couple of days
not always though. it can backfire
ill just have to grind and grind and hope I get in whenever they take the snapshot
Good morning twin!! How are you?
Yeah bringing NFTs to the main stream
Keep it up mate! Hopefully we see u around
All Hallows Eve and the scariest things is your boss!
Really hope they increase it to top 300
I love how this two cave works really out! Man congratulations to the winners! You all deserved it
phor shore!!! this is the right mindset rooAwwClap oii
no ser no whale i only have one baby kong hahaha. VX is the future projects with VX are worth researching imo
Can I ask what do you mean when you say necessary evils that stopped you from minting?
you should be knowing how my morning is were twins...
1583000 whitelist spots. I love that this is still so early and everyone still has a chance if they work for it
Oh. thanks for noticing.. Yeah.. Freddie Kruger from MetaMonsters.. maybe a little under the radar but big plans for Halloween
Bro I went to sleep and back and youre still here?
well Im sure a fair amount of people in the top 200 are already whitelisted so It should be the top 200 that arent whitelisted already which could mean being like top 250 might be enough
Just made an origami wyvern check it out in fanart and show some love 
yep we are very early and WAGMI
yup still a lot more opportunities coming
this chat is going like a chicken with its head cut off
Ohh good point I hadnt considered that!
still lots of chances from giveaways
One day i will won a Giveaway !
Yeah for sure its so much more relaxed and actually doesnt feel like a grind at all early doors. Nice vibe.
phor shore they r giving us meni opportunities
So insane how early this is. I love that everyone still has a solid chance! Imagine the group when its only 100 WL spots left. Itll be so crazy!
lmaoooo man they dont need a costume!
Already waiting for next give away
Very happy to see a familiar face winning the giveaways 
Definitely had too much going on gas is too high and need more liquidity before jumping on too many others.. time to switch all focus here I thinks
We are early cuz this is an easy 100k project! Lucky to be part of the early fam
well its friday so work is gonna be chill today gonna be going out with some friends its gonna be fun but im mad tired from lack of sleep hbu HENRY hows your day man
Hehe absolutely terrifying really. Whats everyone dressing up for Halloween ??
yes top 200 will make sure you get it but if you dont quite get there then you might still be ok if your sub300
i hope by the time we able to mint wyverns the gas back to normal haha it also means no fomo anymore to dogs coins
Just checking out some of the other channels..  Rage hey !? A place to vent  good idea
Although I have fallen in love with the Wyvern project I dont wish for it to get 100000 people because that just brings the wrong type of people and potential scammers and botters as well!
Awesome! Im top 240 right now but still gonna grind higher!
yessss sending luck ur way PeepoHeart
LOL thats literally my day as well. Im just at work talking on discord and only had like 5 hours of sleep cause i was talking to discord
The more people we interact with the more familiar faces we will see in this chat! 
NFTs ruin my sleep schedule too
yeah we good just gotta have the right ppl
Sounds good! 861687609490276382 861687609490276382
Luck is great but most of life is hard work.
nah youre just copying me bro.. i just got my work laptop to the side and just chatting over here LOL
hanging out on discord and listening lofi wbu
Lets hope so it will be all presale so were safe
I think everyone in the early stages get swept up by it all.. but the recent pullback has been a timely reminder to try and select projects a bit more carefully  hunt out those future blue chips..
Exactly! Thats all we need. We need passionate people that are diamond hands and willing to invest in the project long term AND HOLDDD! 
Man I am hyped with these give aways we should do the rest of WL like this I am loving it haha
Bro youre lucky im at my desk trying to not get caught.. sigh
hey yall its my turn to write something
I did hear something about the team closing the discord off at a certain amount of members Ive seen quite a few projects do that now. It promotes a really healthy and organic community which is perfect
We r all luck to get a head start
Awesome quote! Agee! The harder we work the luckier we get!
Hes epic I have a couple of them too but mine arent great yours is one of the rare monsters! Damn I want that Art Wars ticket 
time for some real work for a bit
i am having fun and chatting on discord I have sent request
I think everyone in the early stages get swept up by it all.. but the recent pullback has been a timely reminder to try and select projects a bit more carefully  hunt out those future blue chips..
congrats to all the giveaway winners  
yeah hope more actives win. altho the actives could get it through top 200 all the same kek 
rpm40hoon I Wyvern randomcbosh Prayge thanks
im work from home LOL yoo i was gonna go in person but i cant chat over here if i do...
for sure! it can be challenging but there are meni opportunities
Yes bro! Loving this community. WAGMI
holanihao yeah! Theres no such thing as luck alone! Hardwork what makes that luck exist!
challenging but its worth it in the end
Hows everyone doign this morning
i can see this project will be bombarded with more people soon
Honestly once the WL is decided and the project is close to launch that is the best thing to do. Create hype internally between the members and dont let other gets their eyes on you.
Nice man im only wfh monday and tuesday.. so sad.
sicck art and we have TWO chats
Hey Muiz. I was just referring to the issues with Eth gas fees recently.. Its been so expensive but obv. has the biggest community netowrks and I feel still the best projects.. so if you want to get involved then you have t o pay those gas fees sometimes
Precisely! Prevents all those nasty scam bots as well
doing good randomcbosh!! how are you
HENRYYY wow thats so sad.. im always gonna be remote till like may and then its gonna be  a hydrid model so hopefully only go in twice a day
hybrids arent bad either PeepoHeart
Im going to dress up at a Wyvern I think
Same here haha need to have a proper sleeping schedule and plan ahead health is wealth my brotha
just make money off dog coins and boom gas fees settled
hopefully if the project explode even more they up it to top 250 or top 300 or top 400 hahahaha hahahaha
Lein  ALPHA RONINS HELLOOOOOOO HAHAH how are u today?
We almost need a third chat. Cave 1 is insane. I cant keep up with replying the conversations move so quick
cave 1 too fast cave 2 just right
That is easily possible but dont aim for most ranked at all man because that would leave you exhausted.
Yeah I got into MetaMonsters for the Art Work lotterey too
yea i really prefer talking in here over the other chat
WAGMI all WAGMI!! giveaways is our desitny
Until they all realise this is the chat to be at and cave 2 starts getting swamped hahahha lol
i like the one minute slow mode here ahahha
Man! Hope we all get the WL trust buddies! I hope everyone gets it! No one left behind!
10k in the net two days i suppose
Yup I think in the next few hours we will hit that!
Yo the main chat is FLYING cant even type there
crazy how its all organic growth too
Friday friday got to get down on Friday
oh you bet the weekend is here.
cave 2 is much more chill hahah cave 1 be flying by
is that so? i dont kknow that haha last time i was there it was 45 sec. Thats cool
I will sleep and wake up and well be at 6k
Both of them have had a 1 minute timer for a long time. Where you been? 
Man Cave 1 be having 50 messages per second 
I am good too. Thanks for asking
i think at one point they made it 30s yesterday and it was a complete shithsow
Oh and thats also a good sign.. An hour timer for suggestions so it cant just get spammed... pretty smart.
i was there for a bit with the 30s timer
im sure it was 3045 sec yesterday
LMAO so hard to keep up with the other cave
Ive been doing that for like 10 hours hahah
seems to be VERY possible !! shakecolors rooAwwClap
Man I think we all need Cave 3. React to this if you agree!!
rly I thought it was always a min
How has the shills channel be shaping up  Any good alpha out of there ?
yeah with people aiming for top 200 not having slow mode is a recipe for disaster haha
yeah 1 min is perfect since we can only have XP once per min
Bout to get a coffee bro what are you doing?
Thats sooo cuteee hahah how are you buddy!
just woke up bout to head to school cry
im all chill if theres an interesting comment then i make a reply cba talking to myself  yelling HYPE LFG WAGMI
yes! thats the reason why i love 1 minutes slomode hahaha
Shiba and Doge have been on fire.. I havent ever owned either.. but yeah maybe I should have.. Makes sense the new retail are going to start with Btc  Eth or the Dog coins yeah
haha good thanks! how about you bro
Gn everyone! Talk soon! Love you all 
Yeh agreed also cuts out the spam
I like yours as well! Where is it from?
Yeah thats no fun man. Only proper conversations keep you sane and help pass the time in a nice manner. Love your Kong dude. Do you hold any Genesis or only baby?
hahaah have a great day at school !
ronnie81 just woke up judt chilling
BoNFT just woke as well. Good luck at school
Hey gus i been seeing you around here a lot! Good to see you poppin still!
thanks PESHeart hope you have a wonderful day as well
Haha have fun at school brother
Hey wasap. Vibing great here. Hbu?
You have to have proper conversation or you will eventually go mad lol. Yo Zmilez you good ??
Nice we will see you after school
yea im trying to do the same. I like conversation but without the fake positivity. Ive been seeing it everytime and It cringed me out
thanks bruv only a baby. working my way up to a genesis though. but only 10 there kek
whats the weather like over there
Man quite cool cant keep up with the messages... Theyd be flying 
Hahah I heard that they are about to announce some utility for the babies right? Any idea what they are?
its night time for me already haha will be sleeping soon
big yikes i dont like rainy days
woah thats insane hahah how do u even manage to do it?
Great to hear!! I just woke up so ik just chilling
I second this. I jus5 focus on building this project and control what i cam buddy. Happy to see someone like u here
Rather have a nice convo than just spamming
Same for me as well but prob staying up awhile more
I want to go take a bath but i feel like i will fall down in the rank if i leave now lol
no idea im guessing the announcement is gonna be december or Q1 2022. whenever the baby stock is out 850 left btw
Idek bro I guess skipping college when it rains helps alot
Thanks man I went to sleep and thought Ill be over but now in back
Hygiene first before everything
Only when you dont have to go outside lol
Its the hype and cant believe its all organic! Amazing
is this the way to say please go so less competition for me? hahaha Wink jk
how about heat and skin cancer in the summer
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.Thomas A. Edison
Dont give up buddies get your white list as soon as you can! Were all here for you buddies!
ya cant deal with that man i dont even know how to reply to them lmao
For sure bro quality over quantity in anything really
Guys Im playing 2 more games of rebirth then Im here to have convos with everyone  lets level up together 
Of course man hbu KietHoang  and u man
its getting onto the colder days here as well onto winter soon
Great to see you too how have you been?
Doing great thanks.. but its 11pm here so not much of the day left
Well Im happy that its getting more utility because this project is so good that it should have more desirability i mean the baby kongz that is.
Yess i had a great sleep. Thanks for asking
Im good. Trying to work and be in here at the same time. Its a lot but fun!!
Good bro! been chilling in here all day almost time to sleep for myself
This is India here the weather changes every 3 months
7eth floor for a NFT with no announced utility in a bear market. I think its only uphill from here. actually im guessing itll hit 5.56 e
Welcome on board buddy. Im here for the long run
multitasking !! guud skill to have
Go and rest bro totally worth it
Guys if you struggle with your mental health theres mentalhealth  Section here Im willing to listen to all of you!
LoL. We all are of the same kind
its hard to find something like this anymore haha. All the new projects are like a race to the bottom right now. After reveal all the common one will get undercut so hardd
yeah i feel chill man. have a great day
Cool cool when you sleeping though?
same prefer cold weather myself
Singapore! Nice never been to netherlands before would defo want to visit it someday
Yeah so true. That even without anything and in this market it didnt drop to any extreme heights which the Mice and Orcs went through so the floor price for babies will rise. What kind of utility would you personally want?
Youre a real one!! Thank you for looking out for others
Any project like this is good long term holds I reckon
i like the cold weather too it can get cozyyyy  drinking dat hot tea
Kaiju is honestly doing so damn well
Muiz some banana generation wouldnt hurt xD. 50 per banana ill take it
it never gets cold where i live
sitback relax and enjoy the show
It will be cold if we have like celebrities and youtubers who help market this too. Like gary vee or sth.
Kaiju is like the only project now down rn haha
best weather people who like heat r crazy
100 the roadmap definitely makes it so people will play the diamond hand
yep if I get it im holding for a while
White list will be early christmas present
did you get the mint on that? nice looking kaiju
Yeahh likewise. I would love to visit singapore on day.
welcome to cave cave 2. WHere its chill and stuff in here
yeah kaiju is like some anomaly in this bear situation haha. I wonder if there will be some spot left for project with similar utility and art like wyverns in the market tho
Hot Cold and Rainy 3 seasons are not there? One In
man you should see how far kong went down mice and cool cats too. gen kong was 200 eth floor 1 month ago its now hovering at 100
Hahah or maybe a new currency even like minibanana which has its own standing.
Sure buddy! Always here for everyone! Im not here for a race. Im here for everyone! I really love this community thats why
yeah also cos i am slow cant catch up with so many messages
what we think floor will be boys
ha heat i feel useless Winter is controlled but summer is a control prophet
Great!! You love to see it. Legend
isit cold in the netherlands rn?
yes if you sell below we will find you
Dude dont think about the floor! Think about the long term utility it can bring so that diamond hands are favored and are the ones that make the real gains.
im doing great! how are u doing??
SHEEESH holy shit down a whole 100eth and KuroJPEG yeah i did! Got super lucky with WL
Go for long term beo.diamond hands. This project is for the long run
definitely gamification such as breeding and token generation is super fun. alot of ppl want it and kaiju and kongz may be a little to exp for most ppl.
Muiz thats not a far stretch could definitely be something to interact with your VX
Yep that is what I love about these projects if paper hands appear they get swept right up too
Yeah we want ppl to never ever want to sell ever no matter what
Definitely health and family over anythin
Thanks man! Appreciated it. How are you? Hows your mental health going?
Uhmm kinda. Its not freezing as of now. But it is rainy and windy
ayy congrats my man! jealous haha
Doing great kinda hard to hold a convo w slowmode
Had a bit of a long one last night so maybe going to crash pretty early tonight
but where are you from Are you from India
You need a good attention span. Must stay focussed ! Haha
hopefully haha. I found a project called hungrybunz Its also got pixelated art and gamification so hopefully they will do good just like kaiju and maybe wyvern
thats why its necessary to try to talk to more than one person if possible lol
bought 600 bananas  50 and got one of my friends has 2 genesis to breed it for me without extra charge p
having fun here w. the Wyverns party
Oh im doing good. Thanks so much
exactly. This project has a lot of factors to be able to be at the top of the project. one of those factors is this amazing community
we always have fun down at cave 2
Thats so great to hear mate! Hoping for the best lucks on your day!
what u guys doing while chatting here?
Kaiju is evidence that when you have a genuinely good project with a strong mentaldiamond hand community this is what happens.
Im at work trying not to get caught haha
yeah a lot of similar projects it all goes down to execution
T v yep got a baby  a vx for 7.5 eth worth asf
helooo everyonee whats going on
That feeling when no one replies to you and you dont wanna spam so youre just sitting there like wen convo
Next give away please so much fun haha
You too man. And not only you i hope everybody else has the best of luck and happiness as wel
does that generate bananas as well?
yeah its like a slow roasting oven in here hahhaa
u in octohedz as well? I got bunch of v2 and i hope it will do well when more utilities are announced and when we out of bear situation i love the art and the community looks great
thats the cost to breed my friend. and if you dont know anyone with 2 genesis then u gotta find a breeder which will usually harge you 620 bananas to breed
mamatt genesis kongz generate 10 bananas per day. 500 per day
Yes bro. Im hoping for the same thing. I get so excited when I see a giveaway notification. Im like a kid in a candy store lol
Hahahah it happens!  we gotta do what we gotta do! p
is this regarding an nft project
Im in PSL in the middle of Miami and Orlando haha. Are you from FL too?
Hahaha same it is so fun to watch the winners reactions
Hahaha i could use that for a dat or two but not longer hahah
Congratulations just read the giveaway announcement. Now our turn to get there hahahah
hahahah watch out ! dont get caught lol
YUSSS we r rapidly growinggg PESHeart
Cant wait for the next trivia  giveaway though!
its 365 days of slow roasting oven here HAHAHA you will defo not like it
Haha this is mor important than work
yes i got in to v2. holding on to 6 right now. hold even numbers since u get 1 VX for every 2 v2 u own. The art is something else so sick
oh i used to be right off of gatlin hahah im in the martin county area now
Damn hahahaha thats kinda though
I would love to see a live video of their faces. I think Id jump outta my sit. Would be a blessing to get a WL spot
Tbh this project looks superrrrrr exciting. Love to see the community growing so quickly too! 
hella tough its super hot here i cant take it
8BitLolitas for sure i also holding 6 haha waiting for vx announcement. Art is really cool i feel like they should be up there with kongz for the genesis one maybe same price with baby kongz for v2 hahhaa but thats just me. Maybe when ink finally announced
cant wait to see how it turns out
anonymice also has a great alpha group. 
looks like its gonna be a good weekend of chatting up new buddies here
The community is growing super quickly and it is al organic growth too! Lots of promise and the good news is we are early!
100 agreed gotta get those facts straight
best time of the day aPESPogSpin
meowmeowmeow where you fromGNaga  WYVERN   it was awesome ty
Of course man. Thank you too for looking out.
meowmeowmeow damn but dont you got like an airco or something to cool you down?
the founder of octohedz is also a kong!!
dorsia flip ur kaiju into a baby xD
You going to ape into the Octoheadz as well?
this looks an awful lot like kaiju
Whats everyone eating today though
Dr.Gino we do but we asians dont really turn on the aircon unless its like 40 degrees celcius hahaha
yup! i heard that octohedz got good review from kongz owner in WSK server
Yeap! Happy to be here and nice to meet everyone! 
Bot? Anyone know how to tag a moderator? ShihTzu
Man before I leave I just want to leave you some quote to enlighten your day!
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is ones destiny to do and then do it. Henry Ford
Lucks on you all! Be back later! See ya!
Hello Im back. The other cave recommended was alright but at times it get a little to quiet hehehehe
I ate some chicken and eggs earlier today hbu?
Yes it is! The team is building something great and how we can be all part of it!
I just ate some cereal wish i had more
Why did you think about BOT when you hear chicken bro ?
maaan how am i missing every giveaway haha
minse096 kongz loves octohedz. its gonna boom when INKs and VX is released
Its so clean. I cant quit looking at it
Oohhh i get it. So its just survival till that 40 degrees hit
How good! cant wait to have him sitting in my wallet hahaha
reppin cave 2 chat in the main chat 
mad respect bruther i also see a great future for kaiju
whats it like being a kaiju owner
I came from the cave      ahahah
finger crossed man haha i feel like they really got the potential to be something big
Suprised you replied. Your chat history was very repetitive   exact messages sent in a row. Was bot style lol
anyone know why gas has been so high
Welcome to the best cave. We be chillin over here
Hi best cave welcome a new member
definitely its a very promising project
yeah hahaha its super hot in here. almost everywhere is airconditioned just that we dont usually on it in our homes
Hi welcome to the party !! u are still early bro !
Ill be your Quotespiration buddy in this community!. See ya buddy!
Its getting so cold in michigan
Maybe Animal Coins are too crazy recently
Theres a chance that it can up but it can fall off anytime too
How close is Octoheadz to minting? Has the WL ended for it?
the gas fee is so high right now
Yeah because of shiba inu moonshotting
mitchel hal hey homies whats ur rank so far
anyone planning to get back on animal crossing?
Welcome Bro! Yell out if you need a hand with anything. Otherwise reach level 2 to make sure youre set for the giveaways. Good luck bro
100 but this stuff is all about the long term potential too! And the crypto market is still really small
v2 finished minting like a week ago. but its cheap on secondary rn
Gas fees always high recently so no choice buddy
ive been thinking about it havent had the time tho
I am here too remember to wear more clothes
its definitely a jackpot for someone who bought really early. Someone i know got easy over 250k because of shib lol. He bought really early way before binance listing
This project grow so fast ! in only 3 days
samesies the new update seems fire
We trust the team hal feels great gttq enjoy the community
oooo theres a new update? didnt even know about that will check it out
Ohhh interesting. Well too late for me in any case. Haha.
As if its only 3 days. Thats insane growth.
Thats wild you must be on that 2000 caloric deficit eh 
im not even bothering looking im just talking to everyone i can talk  to lol
Nahh not yet. I about to go and make some food real quick. Because i really am hungry lol how did you know hahaha?
Imagine without invite contest. the server grow so fast !
This cave is so much better i can send pics
It is! It was even faster when we only had own chat room yesterday 
i have faith in them to make the next 20eth nft
honestly not seen anything like it
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend yep! and its best that way too. invite contests make for really trash servers
do check it out! everyones been thinking bout jumping back onto acnh bc of it
ayy i have some reloaded as well. pre dope project excited for the future.
its crazy considering theres no invite contest well maybe some are bots but considering there are 2k online members right now from 5.6k thats crazy
If it passes 20eth then there is something special
Yeah just got told! Haha. If I cant catch a project at WL I cant be a part of it because Im new to the spaces so not really a lot of liquid to invest!
Luck is real but bot is bad   Mod are lurking around  
CamzRC yes I like the organic growth server it prove that not bot here
I secretly love the re rolls. I start screaming at my screen saying YOU CAN DO IT COMMMMMME ON hhhahahha
yomsssssssssssssssssssss  seem theres a lot of hype behind it ill definitely check it out later
sad that the v2 wont generate INK but at least well get a free VX mint p
kennayyy honestly anything above 5 right now is pretty special xD
Same thats y gnna diamond hand this cant wait to get vx kaijus
Exactly! Organic growth and just look at the activities here  really amazing!
im a psychic hahaha i can read ur mind!
right lack of sleep is catching up on me.. nodding off at the keyboard  so time for a recharge.. Hope to chat again with you all in the morning
I have never won in a giveaway bot lets make this first time
yeah sad but yeah the VX is something to look forward too 
b4 that bullish on mutant kaijus looking forward to seeing the artwork
hahha i also sold it way early when its 0.000007 for nfts. Didnt really regret it because my gain on nft still a lot more than holding shib. Thats why i said that people who bought early who got billions of shib for cheap really the one who hitting the jackpot hahaah
Lets hope you get lucky. Lets try and win a WL spot!
Hahahahhaa thats crazyy. Nice powerss
yeah the organic growth is really good. glad to be part of here
godzilla in sandbox? bro idm seeing that.
KuroJPEG have u seen the octo VX previews? theyre fookin sick
im thinking of hopping back on as well
and Im back from doing some work
precisely! Ive seen 50k discords with like 34k people online lmao
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend yep exactly very easy to tell  mods are good at noticing too
same. the growth have been really impressive!
ofc course haha only the best powers for u
yeah this servers ratio is absolutely nutty
Anyone seen nobody sleeps in the wood tonight on Netflix?
hopefully this will continue even after the competition ends
No but I go back next week  I want to make it in crypto and nfts so I dont need to work anymore at least this year haha
Hopefully we all get WL cmmonn GRINDDDDD
projects wiht 40k that wont even sell 10 of their supply sadge
I usually close my dms if I get a bot dm with a spammy invite link but I havent received none so far from this server hahah
octohedz gonna release a VX. a playable model of your NFT on Sandbox. for ever 2 octohedz v2 you own you will get one free mint of a VX
How long have you been at this if you dont mind me asking Wei
So many message even with the slow mode !
keen to see how big we actually get
are u guys still grind for the blue eyes white guys?
Ohh octoheadz lmao those shits look so stupid 
NOWLISTENHEREYOULITTLESHITSTOPFU 
did I miss anything fun while I worked
Easy double in community size over the weekend!
Running out of things to say tho hahaha
there are already preview for fx? dang i need to check the octo discord real quick haha
HENRYYY its vx version of octohedz
Yes! I hope so too! The success of a project depends on the community so its good that we can having so much activity now. Hopefully we wont have botsshillingFuDing appearing later!
eth do be booming hard hoping for bitcoin soon
be organic! join a thread that you enjoy! like movies or pets
yeah so never ever try bot and also we community also help to catch bots
im currently around level 13 or something. which is 8 hours of activity so pretty long
Yo so there are a lot of ways such as engaging with people having geniune conversations giveaways quizzes fan art memes. Most important part tho is quality! 
ye dope af! I also won the giveaway for team fax haha keen to mint that for free
Cant wait for the reveal 8BitLolitas hopefully there is but i think dots is working on it
Just started it. Been trying to watch a horror movie a night leading up to Halloween. Its about a group of teens that go on a camp in the woods and have to give their phones away to ensure they socialise. Lets see how it goes 
legit its crazy out here lmao. gas hasnt been helping but also garbage projects just aint getting off the ground anymore. tbh its good quality  quantity
hal facts! not seen anything like it aha
but he actually have wl from a giveaway lol
dang it! Work always hits me at the worst times
i feel you though work has been getting in the way of everyhting
Good luck in getting a WL spot bro.
Hey dude did you get WL for BearX?
Yeah i wish we all could live off nfts  
But dont get too comfortable some secure income is nice!
The harder we work the luckier we get!
Nice Ill let you know how it is when I finish it if you dont plan on watching it now. 
dorsia holy shit maybe its time for me to buy back in kaiju
Keep working hard and never miss any opportunity. Keep treating others how you want to be treated and success will come. Connections and making a strong mindset with strong work ethic is key. 
you too brother you will get there
its always keeping me from doing the things that I want to do
if only most other wl giveaway winners are barely active sadge
chats goin nuts we got a second cave
Man what an event the WL was for that
i feel you but it is work afterall
Just doing some school work haha hbu?
I feel like they wouldnt be as active when they get their wl
Things are getting even more active!
big factss thoo that is rlly hard grind ova there respect PeepoHeart
yep i noticed that they get in and leave
fud will always come before minting time haha. What i hope is that the community will stay strong even after minting.  And please dont get hacked like bearx and other projects
Will do g  Wei hopefully Ill make it one day. Im tryna hit lvl 10 ASAP
Keep vibing bro. Youll get it soon
Sounds terrifying  what else have you been watching ?
yeah I guess so. I just wish I didnt need it lol
they better be or the mods will remove it just the same kek
Oh yes hackers are quite common nowadays unfortunately 
wooow dude  all i can say is get a rest
I hope so hahaha if they do damn this project is a moon shot
dev just need to be aware and careful of what bot they are using and not clicking on any suspicious link at all i guess no porn for the devs until minting time lol
You think theyre gonna do that? Its going to be hard to fill the whitelists then if they are just going to kick inactives out
861687609490276382 861687609490276382
Even i got it idk how they getting into so many proyects
oh yeahh for sure. Also just dont respond to dms
Watched this one called haunted house. Was actually pretty decent pretty gory. Been watching a few of the og horrors like saw and Halloween. You into horror ?
ooo welcome to Wyverns PeepoHeart
they are hacking But there was 1 friend with me his rank was 280 at level 9 only.
they will check the ones they give wl and were doubtful about.
thanks the rest im going to take a rest kek
Hahaha. Well maybe they can indulge but just dont download or click anything weird!
Who will be here at the pre sales ?
Yeah I like being scared witless. Hereditary was the last scary film I watched. I also love m night shalaman
Two caves and the chat still moving too fast lol
What we expect from an awesome team
Oh yeah when they do a whitelist ofcourse. But they probably wouldnt kick people with whitelists
or just use their phone or other device like their smart television! hahahaha
Ooo I gotta suss m night shalaman never seen that one before
Ohh pretty good deal since its at the high
probaby bc the chats r popping offff eyess rooAwwClap
hows everyone doing in thecave2 got any big plans for the day?
sheesh you been lucky everywhere.
So do you plan to mint despite everything that happened?
ye if i buy back in now ill still profit 1e. but im waiting crypto boom decjan nfts will go down
Maybe lol somewhat hurts to look at on mobile
My plans for today is finish all my work haha hbu?
Oo scary movies at this time is so fire!
No porn are allowed until project launch smoothly
Yeah i will. It was an unfortunate incident but community will recover from it
i wish that all 315 people ahead of me would stop talking for a couple hours lol
yes   to prevent suspicious link hahaha
dang i forgot to react to the giveaway it was yesterday right. I voted for the trait but forgot to react CryingMan
IamEvaa  Ryu same here lol got a lot to catch up on school work or work work
Yup would kill to enter now but my liquid is stuck
Not really i dont watch it like that. I use to watch scary ghost stuff with my friends and we would all get spooked out on some dumb shit haha. It was actually so fun
been ok feel better now with u 
You gotta be scared at this time of year lol
BearX hasnt been released yet brother! And KuroJPEG haha just love these projects
yeah fr.. eth boomin and it aint helpin
Oh damn thats crazy! Thought they had already. I assume presale isnt closed ?
yaaa so just focus on the project and good to go !
im also 1030pm   where are u from bro
no bearx got hacked. their password was honeypass356
cant imagine the gas war on top of this.. yuck.
Holymoly  Legend jeez 1030 pm its 7 am here im from Cali wbu?
If you are going to sleep expect like a 70100 rank difference by the time you wake up
Yoooo memelord ! i cant call u Zmilez My brain all is ur memelord  
Holymoly  Legend Malaysia bro Hbu
Gotta finish the school work first before everything 
Last 70 spots will be given thru twitter giveaway bro! You can enter if you like. Who knows you might get lucky!
lol what a stupid pass hahahaha. But i heard its because one of the admin got hacked because of installing some .exe
Ya should wait out eth still going to another ath
Nice password lmfao  sucks they got hacked I heard about it really hope everyone in chat is all g and they can fix it without hackers being able to get any wallet acc
hopefully I wont be needing that lol
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend Im from malaysia too 
kennayyy wait do we have a rank system here  ?
Woohoo just made level 10! Whos at level 10 with me ??
sounds about right. they got totally ran
dont worry it is friday things will get better
Yeah at botcommands you can look up your rank by doing !rank
Do it in every project   u deserved the memelord nametag
Holymoly  Legend hahah we come from the same country
their discord still going strong tho. NGL I was skeptical but now joining their twitter giveaway lol
Okay nice to know that! Hope the project does well dude! I couldnt get the WL but rooting for my friends that did get in!
Hmmm you lose 100 if the battles you dont take !!
yea someone posted a fake discord nitro which downloaded something. but for some reason he thought it was a good idea to launch the .exe file whatthe 
dorsia yeye im trying to liquidate half of my profile now
cool mate thanks for the information !
Thank you bro for those warm comments!
ive had whitelist for them for a long time. it made me really sad. they had 12k entries on their discord whitelist giveaway
Yeah I heard this too. It has to suck for the creators the hype on the project was insane. The hack wouldve lost alot of trust in the community!
Lets goo level 10 is crazy you got this!
Holymoly  Legend of course. Glad to help
Yh usually this is the case bc most people have 2fa. But with discord token u can bypass 2fa
Just need to keep engaging with everyone !!
yea i know a lot of people that worked hard for the whitelist sucks to see what happened
yomsssssssssssssssssssss wow congrats dude
wallets are safe they just transfer like 80eth ish to the hackers wallets but still should take extra precautions
Everything broke up with btc next year
Im BearX Fam too  dun ignore me
its whatever. im still minting it though 
Holymoly  Legend wow Malaysia how do you like it there hows the weather
At this rate its gonna take a couple months for the whitelist to be fulfilled lol
Repping BearX with the Jungle freak PFP  did you avoid the scams?
They did increase the price for the mint right?
eth tired out the abusive relationship
Still pretty intense work done!
They had a field day! Thats insane! Massive down fall to this crypto world is hackers can get away with it all so easily. 
Tbh i was really salty not getting the WL for bearx for the first drawing competition hahaa. Im faster than my friend and did it right but didnt get it while my friend got it
Yeah to help ppl that got scammed
haha congrat now go for that 200 spot
Yeah Im worried about how much time I need to commit to this now lol
weather kind hot everyday damn 
hot and hotter everyday nid aircon 
ppl bound to get scam unfortunately
yep crypto space is not regulated. any legal action threatened cannot actually be followed through
What did you have for breakfast guys
Sounds like they are trying to make up their problem by charging other users more
for sure !! LETS GET THAT top 200 SPOT!! party
Nice! Crazy how those went down
PekingCow  ARKIPEL for level 10
Holymoly  Legend haha same here in cali now its cooling down and we are getting some rain though how is rainy season there i heard sometimes it can be troublesome
Yes but he didgo all the way to Level 13 and its commendable
i got it with the quiz. i was super super quick with it
Its not bad honestly. The mods are always watching and theyll bless you soon enough. I know they had a whitelisting spree for meme page and artworks. That might give you a higher chance to whitelist if you make them laugh
really sucks what happened to them
Its in my sights now  Im coming for them
Def nid aircon so i can get real chill if not im going rage  channel
ico  oh really? will cause flood?
I cant get through the quiz i cant pass the capcha
KEKWaddle  this GIF thooo lmaoo
a whole lot of catching up to do
go rage channel and release all ur rage bro
Holymoly  Legend no nothing that serious we are in a very major drought so we take anything we can get lol
Yeah ofc lvl 13 its crazy well deserved wl
I made some computer art my pfp but it dont make the cut going to make one more and then try another star style. Seems Hand drawn in favourable !
i didnt have a captcha i hesrd a lot of other people did and idk why i didnt get one. was super excited to tho
ico ohhh I see gotta becareful buddy where are u from?
Sucks so much. So many people would loose money. I see so many rug pulls and hackers. Its quite sad
What really interest me is that eventho its completely hacked and people been warning each other about it hell the discord basically screams hacked but people still mint it for the next hours
probably best to do some art now
visual swim hand drawn ones might be the way to go!
Aight gotta go see u here next time
ive seen many of these discord hacks now
Sadly you cant reach some people
Holymoly  Legend california feels dryer than the sahara sometimes haha we got our first rain in extremely long last weekend
Yeah I assumed. Hopefully they do help the people that got scammed and this way the community helps out the community.
meowth yea it sucks but hey if you can get away with it it just attracts more bad actors
kennayyy  fanart is awesome too
they are just hope the hack didnt kill it
Yup they had a vote and majority voted to help out the community 
The higher ones got WL tho so they might be excluded from the rank 200 WL. Or they might just get two who knows. That would be cool
nah no we are building up the community very well
Can only hope. I cant imagine the guilt they would have knowing they stole from others. Like this is all the money some have and theyre trying something different to make a future for themselves.
you guys checked out the latest sneakpeek ? looks like a winner to me!
Nope should be just 1 so its a top 200 without the people on the WL already
oh cool I love california view is pretty chill and enjoy
should be happy finally got a chill weather 
Yea! With their skills they should have been able to do so much more things that add value to peoples life. SMH.
for sure! it looks real dope tbh
yeh facts bro i dont sleep either
I mean do the whitelist start over or what?
In the discord the hacker basically just spam message over and over again. If people even got just a tiny little bit awareness about this thing they should really they wont mint lol. It just scream hacked i got like 3k ping from the hacker on bearx discord. It just shows how ignorant some people are to these cues
Its always nice to see a project do well. Im in Furballs a cool on chain project and Im hyped for it!
True. You right. Alot of people in the top 200 are Whitelisted so we should be good
Hey guys how yall doing today ? Hope you guys having a great day 
i just clicked on it and it was just a picture
I know it was like 1k notis on bearx lmao but sometimes the fomo hits hard i guess
Yeah really makes you wonder eh 
why dont you grind deeznuts all over your face
then u weak cos u about to sleep my brotherrr
i just sent a response to 3 people with no swear words no excessive caps and no excess use of emojis but it insta deleted it. Anyways BoNFT kucas Holymoly  Legend  The rain has been great and we desperately needed it here in cali.
Health first before everything theres always time to grind
thats exactly the plans...hahhaha
feel free to join the party   but first lets get WL here first !
yup was a good thing to see in cali
Im hyped about furball! Ngl i only know recently that Im OG there lol im on their discord since september but didnt really paid any attention until like last week. Heard they got anonymice founder as advisor?
for sure!!! but i pulled an all nighter alrdy
How excited are we out of 10 rn?
this is an awfully good question
ya im here just start raining gonna have a good sleep weather soon
Sometimes its just the bot bro that Carl  guy loves eating msgs
How do you do that black box 8bit
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend no luck yet with WL bro? how long have you been here?
Great to see a community like this  everyone is so active
BoNFT got 2 almost 3 inches of rain where i live everythings slowly starting to green up and look pretty again. Holymoly  Legend  ooooh yes rain weather is my favorite sleep weather
And some of it are transaction above 1eth which shows that its someone with big pocket haha
ofc we are the Wyviessss PeepoHeart
Hello all. Im a newbie. How is everyone going? Congratulations to those with a WL already
Yes ser! They got the Anonymice founder as an advisor and the OwlHoot dev as an advisor and a very experienced punk. The launch is super close. I expect like 710 days maximum!
ofcoz wont so fast I just join 2 hours ago 
Welcome to the greatest community out there
there was a minor flood warning where i was but luckily nothing really happened
is a free aircon and chill temperature nice
yall cray down there in FL hahaha 
Thats what you told me yesterday. I thought you would have a change of heart haha
Did a small compilation of fanart  
I feel privileged to be here. This chat looks insane. I hope its great community spirits
Cant wait for my free mint lol. Since its a full whitelist mint i supposed i cant mint more than one if im OG Furball not the other og
Sad we gotta learn to read b4 tbh it specifies its a transfer and not a mint
I am in FL an I dont mind the heat but I LOVE to go be in the snow
BoNFT  yeah glad to hear nothing bad came out of it i remember hearing that from you yesterday. I live in the bay area so i dont get flood warnings.
nice work! nice to see all the sneak peeks in one place and good for twitter!
not really. its 85F at the end of october. i want a winter so so badly. KyleWrap i dont associate with anyone down here for that sole reason
Yes we all get 1 mint but then we can mint more furballs from the FUR we get from farming inside the game so we can get more furballs but a bit later as we play the game.
vance joy riptide is on spotify now! whats yours?
im here to vibe w. everyone as well  PeepoHeart
Looks it. Even with these slow modes it doesnt stop! Its like New York City never sleeping
Fr we are from all over the world so we dont sleep
yeep its all about the vibe where are you from?
i would prefer it to be a little colder in all honesty
ive been working on furballs lol but no luck yet.
Dont know when Ill ever get there! Hahaha the amount of times ineed to walk away Form this isnt helping either
almost to level 9 and Im still in the low 300s lol
Favorite Genre of Music everyone?
the vibe is strong here definitely
Just take part in genuine conversations over a couple of days and you will get noticed thats how it is man.
Hot  cold. Your cold is still hot
Yeah I know bro. Im in Aus no sleeping for me. And USA and Europe will only just been waking! Its crazy keep up with it all
Im sure there will be more opportunities apart from the top 200 so dw too much and keep the good vibes
Keep at it! Most are only a few hours of discord messaging ahead. Youll get there
whos island boy? Everyone was talking about him yesterday
oh yeah! im like level 11 or 12. been there for like 910 days i think but not as active as everyone else in there. THat chat is crazy!
nnooonoooo not anymore island boys next meme plz
Until wen we can reach top 200 ?
im from the USA! where r u from?
rpm40hoon I Wyvern agreed the best car music there is. 8BitLolitas ive heard of him what kind of music is that he seems to be a popular name in this discord.
Mine is like that too lmao it do be hot here in FL
Bro Im from Mexico literally opposites ends of the earth
Hahah the chat is insanely crazy! Everyone is too excited to get it so its unbelieveable.
thanks for the confidence. appreciated
lmao wow this guy is superstar in the making
I mean they can do their thing but its not good
lolz it was like 31 degrees this AM here in new england
Thats good to know hahhaa. I think im gonna invest some time playing the game when its ready
i used to live in michigan where it was like that for half a year absolutely miss it
for sure!! im EXCITEDDD as well LFGGG WYVIESS wingedwyvern PESHeart
IamEvaa  Ryu oh god..... Florida im getting flashbacks to the humidity.....oh god
Insane. I would love to visit Mexico  Cancun!!
Yeah i know but my question its more like when they will said thats over we take now top 200
yea got dildos for braids he going to the moon son
yeah they arent good but memes are funny haha
Fr lmaoo sometimes going outside can kill you 
What did yall have for breakfast
oh man! that midwest cold hits different lolol. Michigan winter aint no joke! Have you ever been to the upper peninsula?
True legends in the music industry
keep it going ! let the mod notice you 
Haha Cancn its the to go location for all foreigners its really nice tho
yeah when i was younger. i miss it dearly
Legit hopefully the Misso decides to spoil me with a holiday there. I dont think Im that lucky of a man tho. Ill keep dreaming
You have to play to farm the FUR that eventually lets you get more Furballs! 
i drank soymilk for breakfast wat did u have for breakfast?
should be good if we can know haha
IamEvaa  Ryu haha yep you wish you had the ability to sweat sometimes but nope humidity has you covered haha ... literally. and dont get me started in Florida man
Heard its like another country up there lol. Just some good ol boys
Fr lmao I wanna go to a cold place this winter since winter here is basically summer haha
well my friend you are in the right place stick around and see if the mods bless you
I can see why its incredible looking. Im sure you locals will have equally beautiful places that are more hidden!
i wanna head north before i melt down here
You havent heard of Turtle Shell Islands? Its kind of like a second Furball because it has the same mod team and similar roadmap as well! Although details are yet to be out but would recommend to check it out!
U nid change to memelord and u are good to go
Ive been wanting to ask about this one.  Ill check out the twittee
Lmao   u need more memelord ! soon will greeen
goalpost keeps moving! gotta keep up
IamEvaa  Ryu California is beautiful in the winter drive north for snow drive more south for beautiful fall weather and a little warm sunshine!
Fr lmao I need to head north too before I die down here
KEKWaddle lets keeep grindinggg
Oh. How do I do that apart from being active?
Malik24 Thats an impossible question to answer of all time with biggest influence i can give you one name for my top 3 and that would be biggie. For the rest I just cant choose.
u can be top 200 rank   keep going bro
Stop grinding guys  cant get higher rank
Going to the beach at sunset do be giving that kind of vibe you know 
this is reminiscent of the KB24 chat lol love the community love tho. keep spreading it
Now that will be quite the romantic trip. Well have to invite the Misso tho she can be out beer waiter lol
You heard about it? Where did you? 
join giveaways or lookout for announcements and tweets
maybe there will be other competition in the future
Oh . What if I am already top 200. What then?
gotta keep up top200 for the snapshot
ey bro AirWolf agrees w me. so its facts.
Now how could you keep doing this to me 
Youre still here? Keep the grind bro
Sounds good to me lol I will bring my dog to keep her company
IamEvaa  Ryu ooooh yes theres nothing like a sunset relaxing in the soft sand with the harmonic sound of the waves washing ashore
When the snapshot gona be taken?
growing by every second PeepoHeart
Fr would like to go there with my non existing girl 
ahh It was all a dream most influence for sure. Him or Tupac when it comes to influence.
damn 1 hour waiting to send a sms on suggestions lol
we dont know yet pretty sure its gonna be random
It starts high and the price is lowered as time passes
hahaha perfect match. Shed love this holiday so much. Might just end in a seperation hahah
Just messing with you all. I know man.
nope im not botting just testing betterdiscord
You need to keep the 200 until they have the snapshot to guarantee based on that. But honestly just keep genuine engagement over a couple of days and Im sure youll get selected by the mods team anyway!
Doesnt it hahaha who says test test test
It will be when Im at about 205 or something lol
Cave 2 is just a part 2 of cave one
We will get it anyway how is j freak?
Bro for a moment I saw only one person typing what is going on
Malik24 Couldnt agree more. Haha IamEvaa  Ryu not having a partner can be nice though especially when youre young it allows you to find yourself without being held back by a potentially toxic partner.
this is true. i dont know how having a partner at 16 will affect me and my personal growth
It happened to me on boonji. I was devastated haha
Yo man i am doing good too how has your day been
i would hate to know what you felt like
whats the difference of this cave and the other cave
yep but seems theyve ironed everything out
Fr being young without a partner gives you a more enjoyable life and you can chill always and have not to worry about texting anyone
I know man. Thanks for being so helpful.
Hahah bro even if it does happen you will still get the WL because were all early and the mods team will pick us!
chill bro enjoyed thhe beautiful weather outside
thanks man  i been here for a while tho
cool but luckily is after public mint imagine before mint got this case happen 
Fr and its not even a competition
all rigth short on sp500 at 4578 waiting to be out at 4572
hal im not much older but i can tell you that if they support you and you two share love for eachother and celebrate others success without competing it will be only helping you not making things worse.
have you guys check out the sneakpeek ? really stunning. i wish to own one
I have to go out for dinner tonight and Im going to be constantly checking my phone lol
take yours and I ll take mine  Matthew Mole
Dont say that. Say you will get WL sooner .
Just gotta engage with the community bro and Im sure youll get a WL spot
yea dude wouldve been a shit show like creaturetoadzbearx
Oh i see then how are ya? Hope you are doing awesome!
No sadly i could not but thats oke
dang work getting in the way of grinding
I am loving this team makes me super bullish when they are actively adapting
Check out whitelistinfo yall! Love the moderation here!
What are your thoughts on Swampverse you think its any good?
and all are babycry ask for refund like MaskbyteBearX lmao
loving the amount of opportunities that are available PeepoHeart
Yes different way its always good !
IamEvaa  Ryu exactly couldnt of said it better myself.
Yeah it looked like a mad project and the community was insane. Cant belive how quickly their WL challenges closed! Feel sad that they got hacked tho. Lots of trust is broken now
mechwyvern sure ... i strongly believe engage with community and help out each other is the best way to keep our community strong . cosmicwyvern
wow lvl 7 so fast and its barely 6 hrs of casual chit chat..not bad
swampverse looks good a lot of my friends are in the WL already
But im gonna gtg bath then join the party
Have you qualified for the top 200 yet?
Doing good so far nice day on my end enjoying some cold coffee
Its a sweet grind on the way up
time rlly does fly by quick chatting with everyone rooAwwClap
Good morning! Love to see cave 2 popping off
yes ser its always fun chatting with people
Good luck grinding ! u all can make it !
Imma take a bath for a sec and hop in cave 2 again. Brb folks
What flavor of coffee did you drink?
Yeah hopefully that means we get one for cheap
Ahh i see that is a nice place for nice weather but how do you live with such dangerous animals there. Isnt like 7 of the top 10 most deadliest animals located in Australia?
I was recommended to it but when I saw the invite and chat spam I just got out of there. Haha.
well losing 200300  gas aint fun esp now with ridiculous gas prices
Im fine mate just relaxing really how are you? Anything big planned for today ? 
surely..will continue till monday
def not fun but scammer is around gotta raise awareness tou
dont pay attention to that. simply chat about a favorite issue of yours. Time flies and you will be eligible soon
Yeah. Im just sitting back now and watching to see what happens.
Usually just drink some ground arabica beens and usually have it black hby?
Green. Congrats! Appreciate your jokes last night bro!
Haha a lot of people always ask that. If youre in the outback maybe might see a bunch of deadly animals. But if youre living in the city side youre fine  D
im going to keep at this !!! LFGG PeepoHeart
hey guys. whats up?? cooldogevibe
ThePunter people going ham bruh haha
yeah abit sad  for me def will be emotional sad
Cold coffee sounds too cold for this weather 
Hey any artists or coders here in the wyvern fam?
Good morning everyone. Everyone is so hyped here
I am high scoring but not high like you mean haha
yeah defo bot festinactive members. but worth looking into
Holymoly  Legend sometimes u gotta learn it the hard way. i learned through runescape xD
indeed it does! better than grinding non stop
Ohhh ahah i see what time is it there?
Yeah for sure lucky it is fun being in here
ahah I took to long to drink it so it went cold
relic   where are you ranked at the moment?
Bro keep grinding while you shower
Yea man. It was so damn good. Most of the time recreating a classic is an uphill task. But they created a different sort of magic altogether
Favorite game Everyone? Im interested to see what you guys have been enjoying?
most definitely. seems like the case but for the past year and a half we have spent soooo much time together. seems like everything i do in some way is for her
hahaha I learn it but I dint fall becoz my fren taught me well
mhm just meet new frens and time flies PeepoHeart  i forget that i miss my meals too
thats good to hear its friday so we feeeling good probably just going out to the barsclubs tonight halloween weekend you knwo
exactly. If Im not happy I wont have enough motivation to continue this work
its reassuring to have friends with more experience in this space
Yup I also loved some episodes from visions but not all of them hahaha
Well I decided not to involve myself in too spammy invite contest servers so good luck to the people that got in! Did many Kongz jump into it?
ahh nice what are you dressing up as?
yeah thanks Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend  for the awareness 
for sure! we need trustworthy  loyal frens oii
ayee keep it up fam what lvl are you?
Visions ? Not sure I have watched that
get some rest health is very important
hal wow. thats amazing keep doing what feels right and everything will come together nicely i wish you and your significant other the best of luck. A relationship like that that young is rare thing and is very special and precious.
Ooh thats really great I usually drink matcha or mocha
Lol I got Mod  DM mentioned do not mint 
So true bro very draining if you arent enjoying it
You in Melbourne bro? Im in Brisbane and its only 1 am here
my baby is going to be a ghost for her first halloween and shes pretty damn adorable in her costume
visions as in that anime star wars show? no good
not sure i just found out abt it yesterday didnt get a chance to scrutinize it.
Visions talk happened earlier in anime channel lmaoo
Yeah its the star wars anime style series
oh thats this weekend ? I completely forgot getting old   Sounds nice big parties going on then probs ?
goodmorning everybody hows everybody doing g 
how hard is now for me to get top 200 KEKW
ahh matcha is the best especially as a latte!! One of my favs
Good morning rank neighbor laugh
Ah ok. I din even try to watch that.
Hahah alright! Where did you find it from? Kong alpha?
haha how is she getting dressed up to be a ghost?
im glad you think so. working through ups and downs was a lesson worth learning
Youll have to grind for 2 days but as long as youre active you should be fine! Youre still early
awww that sounds vry qttt!! Enjoy trick or treating! PESHeart
Neither haha need to get one big enough to fit around my belly
Nicce bro. So many Aussies in here!
Oh man. Like Star Wars Visions? I gotta finish that. Loved the first 4 eps. I hope they let more of these creators play in the star wars universe.....seems they might understand it more than Lucasfilm rn
Fr I like drinking it always whenever I drink coffee
spend about 810 hours a day for this place. Its great to have friendly people like you. a great source of motivation for me to continue this journey
 lmao hi  wow they added so many whitelist overnight thats great
Sup kings and queens how are we doing
nothing big just getting together with some friends and doing some boardgames
I havent even started it yet! But the trailer got me so hyped I cant wait. probably weekend binge
yeah quite a lot to my surprise!
so you make it yourself? Thats great
Yea someone just said. Damn oxvampire discord has been hacked
Sup bro ! Oh u got WL ! congraz 
heiii  im doing great ! how are u doing?
just be yourself and you ll make it fam. Check out announcements for latest details too
chill and positive vibes as always over here in cave 2 
Yo how are you doing over there
cant be that bad they got all sizes sir!
hal Oh yes just remember if things get hard push through together and if its meant to work it will work. A side note to add since youre a little bit younger is  dont restrain yourself to a relationship that you are genuinely not happy in because you are scared or nervous to be alone or single again. Being single gives you lots of opportunity for personal growth and expansion of relationships with your friends and family. Do what makes you the happiest always.
Omg fr? every proyect is getting hacked these days
Well good luck to you for Swampverse!
Oxvampires discord has been hacked. Dont click on any link if anyone from the chat is there
Niceee how much time did you spend mate?
sup bro! we grinding?! Gus  ur too kind haha 
im prolly not gonna bother WL there ill get one off secondary post reveal theres usually a dump
Ahhh. Sweet sounds like a nice weekend. But its cool cuz each episode is its own story. So no need to binge if you dont have the time!
Gus  nice to see fellow Star Wars fans in here!
or  giveaways as the owner occassionaly gives out WL spots too
Damn a lot of discords been hacked recently sad
aye keep pushing youve been pushing the ranks ever since i met you 
So many cases happened recently and still going on. Ahhh shit PepeHands
I wonder when discord mods will all use 2fa how can this stuff keep happening
The creators must be so proud of what they have launched. This community is going places
yup same as always. im enjoying the community tho
woah we stil have servers getting hacked
another project got hacked? if it aint blue chipped I aint buying
thanks for your advice. a lot of my time has been spent learning how to be happy with everyone and balance my friends family her all without neglecting myself.
Its the test of times. Hackers are all over discord.
so unfortunate that my swamp verse invites didnt register. Wanted to be apart of that process but guess not
yeah i love this community its great!
yomsssssssssssssssssssss  Good Good pepewow
crazy to think that all these big names project get hacked all of a sudden 
I feel good about this  The Moogliis
Ya everyone gotta be more cautious and aware
I hope so too at this point but also hope everyone in here knows thats its a WL only  project. So any stealth launch is a scam
too many ppl getting scammed now 
Yup star wars is in my blood since my dad is a fan and got me into it before I could talk hahaha
yep going to have some drinks with friends soon then watching college sports tomorrow and halloween on sundy will be a fun one !
Yea man. Need to be vigilant. Serevrs getting hacked  rug pulls all over the place.
Yes pretty much all channels have slowmode
hal Youre welcome and this is very important. I must say you are very wise for a young age and are very aware of potential problems and are very good at identifying them. Keep it up! I wish i had your thought process at your age.
Ive been grinding pretty hard since yesterday
Yeah Swampverse was just spam so I got out of there.  8BitLolitas Well if its not 100 on chain then I would say that the hype will not be that high. Lets see though.
ooooo a quiz probably not gonna have time for it tho 
bro i love star wars i watched all of em omg even the new ones were not even that bad  they could be better lol have you heard about them remaking the old star wars game
We are straight vibing all the way to the top
Gus are you the Gus from Berserk?
triviaquiz incoming GOODLUCK every1
Bro I cant believe my eyes hahaha you crazy grinder glad to see youre a fellow star wars fan and what game are they remaking?
So much positivity in here unreal
Keep going bro! We can do this!
Nice! Good dad. I used to be scared of Yoda as a kid....my dad had a Halloween Yoda mask and I had no clue what this gremlin looking green thing was.  Think the Patty Jenkins movie will save the star wars movies?
We getting some new knowledge in in trivia
Sure hope so the saga is way to good for it to die like this
do you want to hold hands while we grind? that sounds dirty I apologize
oooo hopefully you have time to make it to trivia i suck last time lol i missed 1 question and i was outta top 10 lol.  Gus  you couldnt believe youre eyes or something  the game is knights of the old republic
New Topic! For those of you who play new world Favorite build? I personally use war hammer and hatchet.
Shit thats a bit stiff. What sort of questions were in it last time? All project based?
who likes shibu and who likes doge
i hate both only because im not in it
Is new world is like a RPG game?
Broo that game is sick loved the original one getting the remake for sure
Keen to see how the game plays out
I will suggest moral support as the first step and see how things go after that p
I like dog coins but I dislike how they making gas so high so I cant buy jpegs lol
I love the animals hate the coins
recently gas fees is extremly high
NEW announcements and theres a competition on triviaquiz for WL spots later
i think the same here just memecoins
May I ask if the solo from your name is in honor of a certain smuggler?
the last trivia included questions all bout wyverns like wheres they came from how many feet they got do they breathe fire. was pretty easy imo but this time around it might be different. Gus same here the game was great back then i heard theyre completely making a new game based on it tho like the game mechanics a are gon be way different
Damn get them brains ready for trivia
Its been gross haha hasnt been under 100 gwei in like 4 days
holding hands while we grind might not be very moral. Is that what youre talking about?
yes IamEvaa  Ryu it is an MMORPG  personally its my first mmo not my first rpg if youve ever played the witcher series it is very similar but much better. hal you are very welcome.
sigh why is the gas nv going down..
Ill proly wont win but it will be fun for sure
Ohhh howd you find out the answers? Are they off google or in this discord somewhere?
Would def look into it! I like rpg games 
yeah is really disgusting imagine keep 100 gwei now market of OS should be very slow
A crypto one ! that i find interesting
oh means the trivia will based on the Wyverns?
APDaytrader hey there how you doing 
yomsssssssssssssssssssss hi im good how bout u? hope youre having a great day
Do we just type the answers in the channel and if we get it right we proceed to the next question etc?
If its a star wars game then Im in
there is a latest announcements guys about the WL and how to attain it! Also in 1 HRS time theres a triviaquiz
Yo guys just a warning that 0xvampire discord has just been hacked please dont click any links from them for the time being if youre involved with the project
Haha! Yes. Sometimes I forget what my discord name is! And my dogs name is Chewie after a certain wookie.  You name anything after star wars? Kidspets?
just getting my first cup of coffee in me so im ok lol what about you?
So true I cant see too much happening on OS with the gas like that especially for the little guys
IamEvaa  Ryu sounds great it is one of my favorite games of all time so for ive put probably 50 hours into it and am not even close to finishing. It is a grind but a very fun one. hal Yeah i am ive known him for about 5 years
Any guesses what todays quiz is about?
ETH 2.0 will be epic without gas fees. Cant wait
Damn another one bites the dust lol
somehow i still see high activity for shib token but shib aint having much movement in price charts tho
another discord hacked..how is it even happening???
What is breh oh hmy bad the octohedz
The answers were all kind of cmon sense  you could easily google them tho Holymoly  Legend might be different this time around well see Muiz the last quiz worked in a way were there were they were 3 answers and you would react to em
Well I convinced my gf to name her dog Padme so I guess that counts hahaha
Haha such a long game I really like playing long games haha
when is it ever coming out tho PBpepesitsad
nice coffee sounds good  just grinding here for a spot  its night time here btw in asia
Im guessing it will be about sawcon history
hopefully their mod handles it like the jungle freaks did. Hope it keeps its legs...
yeah kinda pain when gas fees so high 
i like the boonji pfp by the way
hal yeah thats me wbu how do you know him
Shit bro another project. Surely the passwords can be a bit more secure to prevent this
tysm! hope u r having a gr8 day too
No prob looking out for the fam 
bojangles its crazy 8 to 10 projects this week
I see thanks for the explanation buddy
minse096  lol imagine thatDnck  Im having coffee and dabs
i shouldve named my puppy chewy or Chewbacca lol he looks exactly like him!!! 6k members sooon ??
I dont think its peoples accounts that are being hacked. Some people think think its the actual discord and others think its an inside job
Yup I watched the bearx one go down live
Bro chewy its such a good name imo
It does. Sigh....everyone got me All star wars nostalgic. Where in Mexico you from?
Well now u have chance for another one lol
I suppose no one knows what to expect. And I doubt the creators would openly admit to rug pulling it. So shit
Increase community  decreasing NFTs supply utility for NFTs... These are the present trend settings in NFTS
bearx was madness i woke up to 300 notis
are u guys ready for the trivia???? 
very unfortunate indeed! But why are they targeting a DC that has launched a month ago?
Exactly so crazy how its frequent now
Bad it was crazy I am glad I was asleep
yeah i posted him long ago when i first joined the discord  FREDDIE  yeah everybodys beeen thinking that its kinda crazy every time a discords been hacked somehow people are able to explain how they got hacked quick on twitter lll
Yes absolutely 100 I am ready to take the trivia inside me!
APDaytrader thanks just revealed yesterday  gonna frame it up soon 
yomsssssssssssssssssssss alright thanks  what are u up to btw ?
vegasm great way to start the day hehe
My body is ready! My mind is probably not ready 
how long does the quiz take to finish?
Yeah LMAO but I was never involved with 0x vampires as I was with bearx so it was more personal laugh
honestly i just muted the notis when i saw it fortunately i already saw this happen at maskbyte so i knwo whats up
Maybe its gonna take a few mins
Who knows I think anyone will do anything to have control.  So shit
triviaquiz dont miss out everyone
how much time do u have to answer questions?
the last quiz lasted about 1015 mins last time there was 9 questions  might be different this time tho
But with the rate disc getting hacked its crazy man 
A lot of big disc getting hacked like wtf
yeah red flag for sure right there
word thanks. im excited for it. trying to prepare myself for it
Not ready bro im weak in trivia provide some tips 
will the questions be posted in triviaquiz ? i am assuming so.
Yeah I reckon I would hav acted quick if I was awake
Yeah and its all organic! Amazing growth man
How many WL spots left for being active in chat?
Yeah theres no one to blame except the project teams. Its sad that with so many hacks recently projects still fall for it
lmao best way to do it be sure to do research about wyverns and the project information in case any questions are about it
Only 1743000 taken in total. I dont think the mods have released how many exactly will be given away through giveaways
Im from Sinaloa theres some great beaches over here thats all the good things I could say from here hahaha
there should be new avenues to grab some slots soon
it is counted towards general whitelist as discussed on faqs
Hi Wyvern Master how are you doing today
Really ready for trivia hope we gonna make this one guys
top 10 winners for trivia today guys so theres a big chance at being whitelisted GL 
hey Master are u the one provide the trivia ?
I dont think u should blaime the team no one expect jungle freaks to get hacked yet they did its more that disc secuirity isnt the best they need to upgrade with the hackers. What u mean fall for it ? If they get hacked how do they fall for it lmai
I am starting to crash now not sure how well I will go in the quiz
You should probably post it on fanart
Yeah theres fanart  memes  and top 200 active members. Theres heaps of ways to get a WL spot!! ThePunter positive vibes only around here. So pumped
top 200 but there will be people in the top 200 who are already whitelisted so you might only need to be like top 250 or so to get a whitelist spot
im guessing there will be considering the content on the last quiz
Post on fanart altho its technically its an edit of other ppls art
the problem is my trivia is weak 
excited to see whats in store for us
ooo good to see you again hows your day going so far 
Haha. Ummmmm. Stay safe down there? Ive only ever been to Cabo and PV but my dad was born in some village outside Guadalajara. Mexican beaches are great....so hot tho
Yeah it is such a good energy flowing through this discord
Sadly will be asleep. 230 here haha
But post in anyway because its awesome!
morris Multiple choice questions based on the project.
Mate the discords didnt got hacked because of a discord vulnerability that allows you to send messages to a discord you dont own lol what happens is the team members have been getting compromised for exemple falling for phishing attacks or downloading executables and running them when they shouldnt and thats how the discord have been getting hacked its 110 avoidable
Okay thanks! Im about to get up on the wiki and start learning. Haha.
So if i get top 250 i will WL spot?
no complaints if thats the path we take
going well just chillin in here for the morning before i start work  yourself?
Hahaha thank you it really isnt as bad as everyone thinks but it is for sure hot in here
GNaga  WYVERN   its  all from memes fanart 
With this community they have backing the project I see huge potential. Next blue chip? 
theres a chance perhaps! no way of knowing unless an admin confirms
you might because some people are already whitelisted in theirs in the top 200 so theyll be picking the next person over
not definitely but its possible. top 200 definitely but depending on how many people in the final top 200 are already whitelisted you might be able to be outside of the top 200 and still get a WL spot
gonna random answer the question
everyone will have a fair chance at triviaquiz dont forget to participate everyone
wassup! im back from bath hahaha
growth has been looking good so far i see potential for sure
im pretty bad at trivia questions too tbh LMFAO
CryptoGrandmaCultivator   Yeah... too crazy thecave2  is where its at
good luck yall! you know when the trivia is?
corm44   all from snapshot that has not been done and nobodys knows when it will be
So great seeing so many others believe in the project. I love it 
Lets hope is selective question so we can random answer
currently laying in bed rn just boutta get my day started with some coffe  Brausoto should start in about 33 mins
Diamond hands every where I can sense it
yes exactly. the suspense is killing me
Should be in the triviaquiz channel Brausoto it is located right below the giveaway channel.
Fr haha its pretty chaotic there rn haha
it was.. good hahahaha its like 10PM now hot shower at this cold night is really felt good
Seems like pretty hard to get WL lol
Crush the triviaquiz and youll get it today 
it is loool buy hey we need to keep trying bro
yup i love those questions that you can answer without thinking just common sense ones
With such minimal wyverns available anyone would be crazy to sell the opportunity to be apart of this!
it will take a bit of grinding thats for sure.
hal if youre still here and want to continue our convo how do you know nx?
Just need to get ourselves in otherwise we will be paying premiums on secondary market
Have you heard about House of Goblin ?
Or just random pick the answer 
maybe common to you.. maybe not common to us
just from online weve got a lot of mutual friends and were in the same nft trading group lol
i feel you  i dont want to get out of bed either
Yeah and to be extra sure top 100
lmao yeah or you can do that and randomly get it right but gotta be careful since it wont count if you click the wrong answer first HENRY hey last time they had how many feet does a wyvern have like cmon who doesnt know that LOL
bed is my home so cozyy NezukoSleepingBag
what time exactly is the giveaway?
ya   too many ppl are fighting with u  so all the best 
haha thats funny hal small world hes a very smart and talented kid. Hes going somewhere in life.
oh that doesnt seem that bad they have 10 right
road to being noticed by ShihTzu  senpai
there will be a trivia quiz in less than 1h in triviaquiz i dont think any giveaways are currently set to happen
i dun feel ready for the trivia at all
How many do they have tho asking for a friend
no set times on giveaway theyre given throughout the day. HENRY i honestly thought the answer was 4 at first
Either bro Im not the smartest cookie. Best we can do is give it a go
Itll be easy to see what the right answer is as folks will swarm on the right one haha
was all about wyverns lol like where they came from how they looked stuff like that
yeah I know   but I will follow the majority LMAO
I thought that as well cause their wings are kinda like feet cause they support on them
drinking coffee and kicking ass
I will check on it. Seems suspicious
mann we needa squad up and work together
evening guys. hows everyone doing
LMFAO i feel you bro it will be worth it sneakpeek legendary finally came out am so happy OOGA
CosmicWyverns just posted a new Tweet!
Trivia quiz contest happening on our discord in a few minutes.
Top points get whitelist. Join us there now. 
Trivia quiz contest happening on our discord in a few minutes. 
Top points get whitelist. Join us there now. 
Why ? Its the way to get more info about house of goblin nothing else...
So is it like you respond with an emoji response? If theres so many people swarming it how do they figure out the leaderboard?
BouncyBear doing great ive been enjoying the past hour in thecave2  Cave 2 ontop
hmmmm of course the trivia contest will probably come when I have to go do some real work
he like keep talk to himself and random reply 
oh its nothing to be proud of generic medium roast dunkin k cups
i thought that was right but sometimes the majority was wrong lol you can tel when all of them realize and star switching their answers around hal theyre saying around top 10 this time 
Yup just click on a react. 1 of 4. After every round the leaderboard is shown
if youre talking about the quiz its top 10 brother
Yupp that 11 animated is sick af and the lightining effect chefkiss itll all be worth it in the end forsure PESSadGePray
where do i study wyvern language and wyvernology?
nice. the chats here much better huh
Shit so if everyone gets the same answers how do they figure out the top 10? 
wyverns in general yea? need to do some google search for research now haha
Yep hahaha watch all his replys kinda ammusing
its also based off speed of whne u react
i stay guccid down to the socks  biggie
BouncyBear Oh yeah very much so Cave 1 is a little bit of a mess. Sadly it might be due to botted 1 part conversations.
Well its on a points based system from 5001000 per round. Fastest correct answers get more points
Anything new going on in here???
awh man i dont want you searching the wrong things lol it might be different this time around  maybe itll be trivia about the project
100 it will be worth i see you climbing so just keep it up kinglove
Oh im excited for trivia baby whos taking this one home
they also count how fast u answer. so if u choose faster ull get more points if u get it right
I just read that. So crazy what a bot can do in this chat. I love it
for sure coffee is so addictingg PeepoHeart
yup and if you choose the wrong answer youlll be able to change it  but you wont get points for it
it amazing..seems like its been programmed to ask some random questions
it also could be about the project yes hahaha oh well google search is on my tab
the chat cooldown timer here is 1 min?
Honestly the winner will we a lucky guy who blindpicks the right answers right away
Ooo okay sending more positive vibes in then
Yall know what kinds of questions they asked last time?
Just sit back and enjoy bro ticks all the boxes
BouncyBear Yes that is to keep down the overall madness and spam I believe it also has something to do with the Mee6 bot
Well soon find out. Got to answer it quickly and correctly. I wonder what the topic is on
yeah only blindpicking 10 questions not that bad
yup its also 1 min here it shouldnt matter because xp given goes by the minute  randomcbosh just questions about wyverns like theyre origin and their descriptions
Anything special abt this project?
hmmm. 1 min is a bit long. haha. 30 or 40sec would be nice.
Blind picking 10 right answers in a row is insanely unlikely no shot
It will be around one topic ? likes movies ?
i drink mine with half and half
you gotta at least put some thought to it!
Strong community which is crucial to any project!
I have to if I want to feel antihyng
nah you honestly have to get all of it right if you miss one you wont be in the top 10 best to take your time i dont think blindpicking is gon always pick the right answer 
agreed BouncyBear  but it is what it is it makes it impossible to have 2 conversations at once but on the bright side it only keeps the good and on going conversations in motion
Last one was on Wyverns! Well have to wait an see what they decide could be anything
Great artwork roadmap and an amazingly uplifting community
Feel free to help yourself with it lol
Art rarity mint price mods are super busy and doing all the right things. removing bots and a fair white list plus the communitys energy is insane. And I have probably missed a lot more lol
hows everyones moring hope everyone is doing well
Wait where do i find out about the origins of wyverns  
HENRY Yeah gotta think fast tho!
my mornings greattt waiting on that triviaaa goodluk everyone hows ur morning going?Think
minse096  its just insane trying to mint things
will probably be the lowest for awhile
true. agree there. u gonna try the quiz too?
Yeah but it kills the vibe. Theres always going to be people who endlessly NPC post or set up bots which is why Im kinda surprised theres an activity contest to begin with. The idea is to build a tight community not WL people who are going to flip and most of the time it appears that the people who bot and NPC comment are the ones you dont see a couple days post mint.
Google lol these trivia questions are tough
anyone seen the latest sneakpeek go react now guys
 a friend bailed me out I thought you heard?
yea. most of them who grind for lvl will disappear post mint or some even fail to mint. worst of them will just list below floor to undercut everyone
I had egg benedicts this morning what about you?
Id love to hopefully we dont just bring each other down  
v1 Idk how imma get any wyvern questions right 
maplestory taught me a lot bout wyverns boutta take the win   hopefully
Hey guys this is just a quick PSA.
Dont be like wenis and steal fanart of others
Especially dont delete it the second I call you out for it and then proceed to ignore my messages here and DM me with Shh you saw nothing bye bye to our fallen soldier wenis! 
wow i hope i can get in   i been trying hard on my application to be a wyvern myself.. im just a frog
I would like to say no but deep down yes i guess
LMAO he really messaged a mod you saw nothing 
lol whoever u are wennis u just got called out haha
BouncyBear Yeah Im going to try my best ive been fairly active and I hope I know the answers! Cryptom173    i would have to disagree the activity contest which I feel is the wrong word for it is heavily monitored and no bot will make it through. The staff here work hard to keep things fun and top quality. Lets cut them some slack and look at the good coming out of all of this.
lol. this is epic. just dont bother if u are just gonna steal other people work man.
Yeoooo i think my cousin went there 
dont steal arts from your fellow wyverns
word thanks. this is my time to shine then
The ones that list below floor blow my mind man. Like theyll commit timeeffort to getting WLd then immediately dump to make a couple buck or more hilariously dump at a loss. Like you just spent a week to get this and immediately took a loss on it?!?
yup trivia quiz will start while Im busy with work unfortunately
come on get higher  matt nathanson ah nice smooth music to wind the week down..
BouncyBear Unfortunately thats how our society is today anytime someone can capitalize off someone else even if it leads to their downfall or misfortune they will do it. It is truely sad.
o i used to get scared and stuff from halloween costumes but tbh i dont believe in it
not saying they are bots. but some people just do it to get into wl and they disappear after. i know of people that even offer services to grind for ur account to get whitelist. just pay them and theyll do it for u
sometimes it pumps and sometimes it dumps
i mean all he did is saying heeyyy in chat so it didnt really surprise me when he stole some art lol
20 minutes guys get readypepepoggerschain
Halloween stuff are cute tho haha
still deters a lot of flippers tho i doubt youll catch people being on a chat for their whole day just to sell as soon as they mint. and hey if they do more wyverns for us at a discount!
Ah well yes Im out on bail now. Dont worry tho I will be on best behaviour officer
time is going quick. Im nervous
bot has been preprogramed to say roar amazing technology nowadays   jk
yea. dont get them. they can even sell below mint. why would u bother to even go thru everything and pay gas then list for below mint price? makes no sense
Ive been free most of the morning and the quiz will fall at the one time i wont be free lol. just my luck
15 minutes before the trivia quiz!!!
its alright! just remember there are hundreds who will take part in the quiz and only 10 people will get it its no biggie if u dont get in
Okay that scream mask is pretty scary to me too ngl
Cave 1 is nuts cave 2 is nuttier
its just keeps on giving! dont stop please
BouncyBear Wow. I didnt know about the services people are doing. This is a great project Im here for the unique artwork and process that it goes through with organic growth and I intend to stay active in this discord regardless of whitelist. Wyvern is pioneering the idea of organic growth and im very excited for its future!
yeah thats right. Still worth trying. I might get lucky doubt it but never say never
You guys are able to see the type of questions they asked if you scroll up in the triviaquiz  channel to get a feel of whats to come
I can have a bite on the other side of the burger 
Faudi still waitin on you to take 1 bro wya
how they keep hitting ATH sheeesshers man ETH the mooner
for the quiz that is happening soon
I am looking forward trivia quiz!!!
LOL i was crying when i was little dude that costume is so fken scary
ill have to try to do the quiz on my phone while also working. that might not work for me
exactlyy thats the spiritlfg lfg lfg
Hahahaha he got me too Elea  what is the ex presidents name
sorry hyxder i cant over take a botter
but we dont know the content of the quiz what would we even study for lol
everyone and their moms bouta own ETH now that Facebook became the Meta
Lll this is my favorite comnunity
yooo that epic is that five guys?
too advanced for him too early smh  
Hyxder  he called you out again  cannot compare to you
GoodLuck Everyone! triviaquiz  dont miss it out.
CamzRC   yomsssssssssssssssssssss im good  yall still hanging in there!
whoaa im so excited with the trivia quiz!
yeap. grinding service for hire. haha. well i think if people love the art and believe in the utility and the team many will stay and contribute
how could you do this to someone 
i dont think my mom would buy ETH bro she dont even know what crypto is
can we get hint so we can quickly study for it hahah
Hahahaha I will get it soon been super sus
Everyone take my energy for this trivia!
how do you guys keep getting people with dn jokes? 656884642649079839
not good for NFT market he prob has more in assets than liquid atm
my mom just bought into dwac after I told her it was a bubble and then it proceeded to drop 50 in one day
trivia always fun for whitelist tests your knowledge on the project  and rewards you for it 
Yo guys what r u doing on weekends
Facebook is trying to rebrand but it wouldnt matter to the people using FB and the other stuff and it would certainly not introduce them to the NFT or Crypto world.  Hahah. Thats what I think though. Because its a unique world this one.
yeah i like it. Not sure if I can participate in this one though
BouncyBear Exactly thats precisely why Wyvern has decided to go down the route of rewarding community activity. Its a great idea and im sure it will workout. If people truely feel passionate about this project like they say they do they will stay.
wait til i tell wendy... Souhate
yea doesnt it means bad for nft?
Yes ser. I have made a truce with their higher ups. We are good now
my weekends are pretty busy i normally get stoned and spend minimum 1 hour a day crying in the shower
Did the trivia quiz happen already?
I agree theyve been getting a lot of the bots. The thing is typically when you have someone with the time to post all daynight youre dealing with kids for the most part and theyre not going to hesitate to take 200 in profit especially if they dont understand tokenization. I have zero interest in listing projects like these. I still have like an eth in moose trax thats probably worth like .1 rn so I just keep staking. Its a completely different model than this I thinkhope but giving something a daymonth isnt really giving anything a real shot. Think about how many people dumped genesis kongs at a loss back in March and never got back in... Models can be improvedchangedadapted as long as the team is reasonable.
yup. lets hope this project works out! loving the art too! where r u from btw?
awh that sucks its starting in about 10 mins too damn was hoping you could play
TheCoaster  starts in about 10 mins in the triviaquiz  channel
Hey youre from Eve right I remember you how is it going fren kinglove
ooo i read they r changing facebook to Meta
well she needs to get on it before it hits 6k! 
JuwulKruztul hahaha i knew u were gonna say that! no problem tho because i know my wyvern lore 
wendys good but innout is better hannah
goodluck to everyone dont forget triviaquiz coming up
Yup! Building a community with passionate members is a better bet and I think we will benefit from it!
have you guys ever had five guys
no problems at all......i thought that was most people did on the weekends?
Cryptom173   agreed. its a sad truth but i believe in this project and as long as they continue to deliver i have no doubt it will succeed
That is of course right when I have to go do some lunch duty at my school so Im going to try to participate on my phone as best as I can but it might prove impossible. Ive been free all morning and they pick the one hour Im not free of course
it is I  remember you too you was always chill af. Going great my man  vibing in here just outside top 200. Finna smoke some dudes on trivia haha. How you doing
Yes! Facebook re branding themselves and I honestly think its of no use. They are trying to look cool to the technical world for sure though.
ShihTzu do you have any info on the token emission supply andor burn rate? Im assuming this is a modifiied kongz model but wanted to get more info
who is going for the triviaquiz ?
ive had that i dun rlly like it
i dont speak enough english to understand...
mannn cant say yes but their chili is good
damn just woke up wish some of these giveaways could be in the afternoon instead of demon hours
in n out is def better but wendys be having them 4 for 4 deals  
GNaga  WYVERN   they trying their hardest to fit in leave em alone  
corm44  awh man that sucks hopefully youre able to make time to be able to join in on trivia
yea. totally agree. people with irl jobs and family will not be able to grind for hours here. i think the team will play a big part in any project. if u believe the team is totally committed to it its worth investing. if the team is just making the project to make a quick buck then its just gonna be another pump and dump
Dope thank you. Wasnt sure as Im so busy with work
BouncyBear Im from the bay area in California. Im enjoying the cool weather finally getting some rain. How about yourself. holanihao Couldnt of said it better myself!
But hopefully they can build a good metaverse tho
All the best on trivia everyone !
why not?? ive never had it either
I thought the same thing. Was constantly spamming the same sentence over and over
10 mins Trivia hype train 2750RainbowHyperTada
Do you really think they can? I dont think they have that in them and I dont think their users are interested in such a metaverse either.
alright time to go do some real work for about an hour
HQ Trivia back in sneakers has trained us for this moment you must not fail fren. I been seein you much active in here too so you dont necessarily have to be top 200 to get a whitelist spot just as long as mods notice organic activity you have a chance. I been doing well just chilling on my reading break hence why I have decided to be a degen in here Kek Best of luck to you brotha
ima go eat some hotpot if i hit whitelist today 
Yeh these kinda projects are for hodlers
not much we got trivia starting up soon in triviaquiz  be sure to join!!!!!
corm44  cya later have a good one
ah nice. i have some cousins living in LA. im from indonesia. haha. rainy season here now too. rain every single day for the past 2 weeks already
might have to be late for my next period to do the quiz
Yeah. Kaijus a good example of a project WLing well. I got there too late but hopefully not too late for wyvern
u can google for it it some type of food soup based
BouncyBear Wow is it monsoon season? I think that happens in Indonesia right. LA is nice but too much city for me
100bil from FB ought to build something at least
def not too late for this project
Its technically in the grey area of the law
man HQ be feeling like a lifetime ago what a time to be alive . Yeah yeah I see mods blessing dudes who are just being a nice addition to the community Im just aiming for the top 200 as a safety net haha. No better way to spend a reading break tbh pepeOK
hopefully we finish in time so youre able to go to your next one 
Cryptom173    very early still youre good sitting at 1793000 whitelisted so your still good 
Yeah we still early. I believe we got a chance
Hahahahaha! May the fastest finger win!
ok 7 minutes b4 a quiz time to study
Yup we are still early so lets do it!
Best Day of my life  American Authors spotify
gotta get it done and jump on some work calls lol
Yeh hoping Ill make it here. With 3000 WL I assume is active member will make it
yea. monsoon season till maybe march. then dry season hits for like half a year. we only get rainy and dry season here. but im enjoying the 2329c weather here all year round. so nothing to complain bout the weather. haha
LMAOO fr times were much simpler and yeah deadass would not do it if I didnt believe in projectteam they been doing excellent so far and certainly have a bright future hope to see you with us in the long run fam 
I honestly think its pretty clear its not a security unless youre promising profitroyaltyrevenue sharing tbh.
I have strong fingers says my gf
i figured out the discord invite so i was pretty lucky to get in that late 
it would be nice if there could be some raffle for those who selected the correct answers rather than fastest fingers this could be more inclusive for everyone 
see you on the flip side my fren 
yup you guys are more than safe thousands of whitelists spots to go around for everybody 
TheSoap  woah woah now   what ya tryna say
for suree !!! goodluk everyone on trivia
So is it the first to answer correctly on the trivia quiz gets a point? Or how does it work?   
BouncyBear Wow very different from where i am from we are in a major drought and where i live we get our water from an underground reserve so it can seriously affect us. We are not in city water so its a little intimidating!
yes this is a more chill vibey cave
if youre fast replying to the question it just means you get more points if you do get it right
If you put in like that....hmmmm
thats how i got through college
Dsol de vous accuser dtre un bot
Yessir this is much a chiller chat than thecave also the chillest is chillcave
back when shoes used to actually slap too smh PepeHands . yeah I wouldnt devote my time to anywhere I dont deem worthwhile Wyverns to the moon baby. Ill be here alongside yall dw soon join the green bois chat salute
its Spotify and its playing  How to Save a life  the Fray  now  loving my friday chill music
U click and u are good to go u cant change answer afterwards bot recognize ur answer
I did too but it didnt connect. No point in getting upset when you miss out though. Glad to see theres another project similar to kongz and hope this is another similar model.
awh i think its best to reward those who are the quickest cause if you do the way you just mentioned everybody can take their time
PSA triviaquiz happening in 5 minutes everyone!
ooof im so excited good luck everyoner with this quiz guys!
Yes hope everyone wins! Im stressed out haha
Souhate  ohhh you might do well
wow. never experience drought before. so u guys must be careful with the water usage there? we have flood problems here instead of droughts
Yeh just gotta stay optimistic. This project is very community based rather than tryna get as many people in as possible. These kinda projects are the ones that last. Quality over quantity all the way 
lett prepare for the quiss brooo
Ah oke ! mais pourquoi tu crois ca ?
wym by it didnt connect? either way some people got in and didnt get to mint anything cuz the team entered some addresses twice resulting in some ppl being able to mint twice and some none
true that the lets the bots decide the winners then that way its the most fair for everyone
Aightt will hang around here. the real cave is crazy
kmspepe Things used to be so fun man I hope it gets less dry soon but I been hearing some messed shit bout foots movin to raffles or sum thats the end of an era if it happens sadhug
BouncyBear yeah we try our best we come from two very different types of climates
yes yes good luck to all humans
Yeah US goin out sad if thats really the case PepeYikes  EU already garbage so Im sure theyd follow suit lmfao. Ah well thankful for all the good times smh
hahaha. yea. i spent some time in swiss too. snowy weather most of the time. too cold for me there.
1 token  1 token. On top of that it takes a collective effort to give that token value and a lot of people dont understand what that means. People will get upset when whales get involved but theyre 100 necessary for a lot of reasons particularly when it comes to the LP.
Head on over to triviaquiz and standby
GL everybody on the quiz have fun!!!!!!  1 min til quiz starts in triviaquiz
My rank is about to fall off from 200 lol ouch
keep it up! what are you at now
BouncyBear wow it must be beautiful there ive only heard good things personally i love the spring and summer warm weather is my favorite but you can never go wrong with fall weather
good luck everyone may the best wyvern lore reader wins!
LMAOO EU been disgustin from the start fr how to waste all resi in one drop
Whatever happens in trivia yall are all winners to me
dont get me started senor lmao we been down bad
hope everyone is doing good liking the new wyvern sneak peek
Juste certaines choses taient un peu suspectes mais cest mon mal
yea. the scenery there is one of the best in the world i think. real nice. i personally like spring or fall. when its not too hot or too cold. hahaha
Same I most likely wont be apart of it but Ill try give it a go
exactly the middle ground is always the best!BouncyBear I love our conversation lets pick it back up after the triviaquiz !
the quiz is gon be tough i feel like lol
just relying on info i learnt years ago
My apologies to Elea he is not a bot english is his second language. his a great bloke 
triviaquiz IS LIVE make sure to start answering!
Ok that trivia is crazy I legit cant click it until its over 100! Like damn
How do people even know the answers as the questions are released ?
just arrived hope to help out this community 
these questions are so sweird man
Lucky I didnt join I would have been hopeless
I cant react either haha buttons not workin
How are people able to react? I cant react for a solid few seconds I just get to watch the numbers fly so upsetting hahaha Maybe phone was a bade idea
yo Dachshundwizard  Twitch   man congrats! WL haha you are so fast here huh nhhaha
people are super fast wowwww fair play
Just stay positive bro and keep going. Determination will get u the WL
the moment I click it already has hundreds  of reactions
i feel like iam almost at that top 10
seems to be alot of misspellings in the quiz too
Its so hard. Whoever has best internet I gies.
Thanks my friend! Lets go mr banana!!!  
Souhate yo how are you doing heartlove
Good work to the winners !!! You genuinely deserve it because you gotta be fast as f to be first !!!
this is such a difficult quiz I dont understand
or just complete guesses then people hop on to most reacted
yes sir!! happy to be here  hopefully can help out the community 
Damn nitro . Nice to see you helping the community
910 but a bit slow congrats on green man
congrats to those who could win
wow 910 is really dam good tho and ty 
im gonna have to take Ls for all the trivias bc i suk
Same here the Animated one is amazing 
Winners deserve it that shiz was crazy
haha truly people are crazy good
how do they react before we see the answers
how they react before knowing answeR?
Quiz is insane tough fair play to those who got it!
ayyeee congrats on the green name it was just like yesterday you was pink
anyone else think it was kinda unfair where reacts were already happening before the answer
Guys pls report if there are any scripters out here some of them we already banned are salty af and said that they will just come back and make new accounts to script and bot on. This would take out the wl opportunities of those who deserve it so please dont hesitate to reply and ask them if they are scripting or not but ofc do it politely incase they are actual people who might just have missed replying to a message 
haha. got rank 51. how about u?
Will keep an eye out thanks for looking after the community 
solid trivia round!! i would have been in top 10 i think but I got to sweaty. Ended up at 48th
for sure! Ill keep an eye out eyess
i did horrible this time around  
space  aye congrats on the trivia win  well deserved that one was tough for sure
damn i only made it into the top 20
is this why people were answering before the answers loaded
Ryu I will keep my eye out. For these scriptors are they just people that already have random stuff written and they post on interval?
yea I gave up after like 6th questions lol
do some people get it early or what whats with the lag in between the choices are given and the answer?? to vote
how are all of them no chats ??
Does this discord require a phone number to be linked to the joining account? That may help avoid that.
Bloody hell . I suck at all these trivia thingy
hal Same haha I was late though
Scriptors mean botters like they use bots to spam in chat
how these guys without messages get the first places
guys hope that the admins will be able to check unusual activities some of these guys are replying way too fast
LMAO i dint even see the answer then all react already
i have no clue lol but ik for sure that on mobile its more laggy and i think youre able to react before the answers showed cause the bot was very slow
congrats to the whitelist winners!
wow man still up! what time is there? 
Doing that trivia on mobile discord had me in a headlock KEKW
Damn questions didnt even load..
Congrats yall how is everyone so smart 
It wasnt unusual activity quizzes lag on mobile
someone got negative numberspepethink
That killed my phone on mobile lol
that trivia was going too fastl lool
BouncyBear jeez got 251 but i got 810 right only problem was since im on mobile right now 200 reactions would come in before i could see the answer options and to add onto that there would be a 35 sec delay to be reacting due to the speed of mobile being so slow
yeah that lag on mobile is a killer! it was loading slow even on my laptop!
I see bro thanks for the explanation !
U need good connection to do well in quiz
same here. how can they choose before the answers were up? yobatman its 11.12pm here. where u from bro?
CONGRADCHEWLAYSHUNS on the new WLs!! PESHeart
umm usually they just spam the same thing and dont reply to anyone if you reply to them ahha so make sure to check their message history if they actually interact with people first
will do! even though there are scripters the trivia quizes are still lots of fun i shoulda studied more..
LoL. Sometimes I wasnt getting the options only . I saw numbers going up I pressed
I still havent seen any WL winners from the trivia here
they were lagging on my desktop too
i think the best method for quizes would be for actually people to type the answer in slow mode and then the mods would pause the chat and look thru the history to see who got it right
I dunnu man The last question so late come out and already 300 voted
Congrats to everyone who won the trivia. yll are just too fast
yeah I literally prepared and everything too the questions just threw me off.
philippines bro! haha yea idk bro we might need a faster wifi for it 
are new members joining this channel required to have a valid phone number linked to their account? Could help prevent bots  spammers.
some questions were late.... and the vote went already up... plz 20 winners... or 15 winners
Bro so many new faces here welcome guys
does my log look like spam to you  o
I know the answer but the option dint come out on time lmao but Im still lose anyway I wrong 34 question 
malem boss. Holymoly  Legend same for me. does ur internet speed matter during the quiz?
BouncyBear im not sure how people were answering before the questions popped up im assuming they just have very good internet.
Its okay mate well still make it! 
yea better to have a wall of text lag rather than rng choose the correct vote 5050
still prefer my good old giveaways haha
120. wompwomp... Congrats to those who won the quiz! May need to try connecting to the modem. Answers werent populating for me until there were already 520 votes on the correct answer.
i would love this too aPESCryLaptop
BouncyBear dunnu   but maybe a yes?
yo whats good bro good to see you here again
Oof do you have a gaming laptop or a mac that your on?
i think people were blindly guessing
facts the answers were great too even tho some of them were misspelled  
was a fun quiz anyways thank you to the mods and admins for hosting it 
Yea lets get back to conversation. Haha
yea. there were already hundreds of inputs before i can even see the choices and pick
im on a simple ol chromebook that siezes up if i try to go into decentraland lmao
Bro youve been strong for hours green name is incoming for you!
hmm i can assure you that all mods and devs are 2fa and are secured but for normal members this would be hard to implement because not everyone may have a cellphone number
Whats good yall these quizes are too hard 
you had to pick the correct answer b4 options popped lol
I think some ppl were answering beforehand before the choices are revealed
are all chats have 1 minute cd?  haha
My partner did the quiz she loved it well done again team
yoyo sorry took more than a couple hours xdd
hal GBMM Heck yeah but I love it here!!
BouncyBear I know same happened to me i was very disappointed. On a side note going to do some bloodwork! Yay!
RIP me. Missed the quiz because the boss needed to chat at exactly that moment.
I have a sick laptop but I had the same thing. Ill just connect direct next time and hope to do better.
yeah it doesnt really feel like im grinding more like asserting myself in a community
But thats super lucky to be able to guess 13 consistently probably they had some API to see the qns as they come in
Not complaining here. Probably a discord or bot issue the question choices didnt show up until mad late. 
Learned my lesson to use a computer next time sheesh
Thats cool that you guys all have 2FA though! I have seen some discords require it and it has helped the botting. not sure how many people dont have a phone number these days though...good thought. id be curious to know!
cool man is is a fund experience of trivia ! THANKS I would like to join more !
Not really tho.... i switch over to the more stable connection
Actually the quiz bot wun take those answers if the actual choices are not revealed yet
morning cave 2 hows everyone doing
Dachshundwizard  Twitch  your fanart is one of the best one Ive seen!
not much we can do about it lets just move on and enjoy the community 
kennayyy  yeah i forgot to mention that on mobile its kinda of laggy cause the past quiz on mobile everything was delayed
The first day I grinded but now I feel like I can just chill and enjoy the sommunith
i was too slow and it was a bit laggy. but i think that was the case for everyone. so only fair wins i think
Who got their butt kicked? Is this the loser cave now?
Morning! Did you miss the trivia quiz?
Just did the trivia despite knowing some of the answers its not easy hitting the corresponding button! Hahahaha
ill let the admins know about this suggestion tho thank you 
aint no cap in my game. dam bro ur grey thats crazy to me
Yeah was using mobile and was laggy.Will try laptop next time!
Ryu how often do the quizzes come up?
Fun experience on trivia quiz hahah
Yeah connecting via lan is usually faster. What specs does your laptop have?
guess must be laggy on my part then. haha.
yessir sometimes if too much people join it could get laggy but we really have no ocntrol over that sir dont owrry ull get ur chance soon 
how are you doing! v1 what rank are you at now
Yea man.. was eagerly waiting for it whole day.. just missed when i went for supper..No worries . next quiz...
its at random hehe so you gotta stay active haha
im on lan and i still had mad lag usually i have very low ping
Yea . I guess. Its not my thing
plenty of more quizes to around no worries i think theyre starting to start doing quizes daily 
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  havent even checked yet haha
Guess some questions was hanged for me
I got WL thanks guys trivia was awesome
happens when 103897921073091273 people are trying to react
congrats my g. you deserved it!!
I was having a delicious dinner and forgot about it lol
no problem bro is fun   and the question pretty easy if really understand the project and roadmap and faq ! looking for more !!
BouncyBear Having an extreme amount of stomach issues been happening to me for about 4 years constantly ruining and delaying my mornings recently ive been extremely nauseous every morning so its finally time to get this figured out. I saw a doctor yesterday and Im taking like 12 different tests
you get some rest bro? we were here for like 24 h yesterday hahahah
It was when choices came up. Guess its due to high response
congrats on getting the WL from trivia man! you definitely graduated the top class of wyvernology
Yea unfortunately X this is crazy but at least we tried 
My fault man i meant in general having a lan is faster
what u guys doing? lets talk some interesting
Wow you guys really research lore on Wyverns to know that the eggs are scaly and not smooth 
congrats! u deserve it PeepoHeart
using a pc here too. but the answer choices still came up late. ico wow. that sounds awful. all the best on the blood test! hope u figure out whats wrong and get better soon!
aye congrats on the win i seen your name and i was rooting for you lol only name i had recognized
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  got plenty of rest doing great rn 
how many winners will be chosen from the trivia? 
thats really good for a laptop. how much was it?
honestly it was pretty funny trying to spam click but only get it at 300 LMFAO
thank you guyss hope you all will make it in the future much lovee !!
its fine tho  as long as were active well get WL and also as long as were not bots
A for effort keep putting yourself in positions to give yourself a chance and you will get there bro
BouncyBear thank you i appreciate it about to find out how long the wait is since i have to show up without appointment maybe ill be back soon
dam im surprised i didnt have to climb out the mud after waking up
dont worry guys were making sure to filter out the winners from the quiz and to make sure they aint bots that just joined 510 min ago before the quiz XD
dropped down like 30 spots overnight not too bad !
Yooo my laptop has the same exact specs the ryzen cpu helps a lot for when im editing and rendering videos and shii
Fried green gramstortillas and rice and some chutney. Spicy Carrot grill too
Hopefully next quiz will be smoother 
really appreciate that even though im not even close to top 10 HAHAHA amazing team like always
If they are bots  they know alot about Wyverns 
Fugazzi its crazy how u are level under 100 in 2 days. U def deserve WL bro.
i got 229 lol shouldve used my computer
oh wow even checking the winners to see if they have previous messages great effort by the team 
lets keep it stronggg PeepoHeart
oh  wo really need a fast internet to win that one haha
thanks for the work ryu!! i cannot believe we have people who cheated into wyvern university.. drop them out
Good afternoon cave 2 how is everyone today?
yessir! mod team doing the most
yea less lag ples  or i have to rng 
thanks you too yomsssssssssssssssssssss
Sound very delicious can I get some.?
Added buttermilk too. It is delicious with spices
I was driving and I lost the trivia damn
good bro looking forward to the next giveaway
I had to override a bit to point to the actual gfx card which I hadnt had to do in the past but this thing rips
yeah the mods doing gods work really thorough
Congrats to all the new winners!
Souhate  agreed theyre making sure everyone has a fair chance at winning i love it 
Gus damn no worries tho plenty of more quizes to around
What place did you guys get? 265 here lol and I thought I did well
Damn that sounds like an Indian recipe
thanks for noticing!  time flys making convos
BouncyBear thank you i appreciate it!
facts man well get it in no time  tons of spots left 
never drive and solve trivias buddy haha
I will be in whichever cave Faudi aint in 
congrats on WL bro Dachshundwizard  Twitch 
hope everybody under 229 are bots 
going as darth vader to a party lmao
Those deserving will get a spot!
was able to get top 115 haha didnt do so well this time around answered like 2 wrong 
Thanks bro. Favorite drink haha!
im surprised i didnt drop out of the top 200 after i slept
Great choice and a awesome costume
No worries Im sure both of us will get green in no time
lol i got all right but people are too fast
You will if you sleep again HAHAHAH
the pfp color question one is lagging for me hahahahaa so i decided to follow the crowd and got it wrong
has anyone played the new AoE yet?
Grats to the winners of the quiz
how did you end up doing that? Because when I have two monitors connected it makes the hdmi port one connect to the amd integrated graphics and the usbc port goes straight to the gpu.
going to join here for a bit the other chat is moving bc of the quiz ahah
did you get the Portuguese one right?
Always another chance mate dont give up
I did have some lag on the quiz tho sometimes the multiple choice answers dont show up. But in the end it was still fun 
congratz everyone... i got 12th... better luck next time  if it just werent the 9th question glitching..
when do they take the screenshot
Souhate yeah top def has some fast fingers for sure quickest reacts ever
minse096 lmao i remember that one i waited and i seen everyone go for 1 i put in orange and then i started to see everyone switch their answer over 
You should go eat so you dont get hungry
new members make sure to check out whitelistinfo and announcements to stay up to date glad to have you here!
7692peeposleep have a nice day brooo
imagine red light green light and not making it to the finish line it scares me buddy
Ooh Ive never heard of them are they good?
Thats it brother! Do the work get rewarded
That question was mad hard bro i was like whutttttt
yup came out yesterday if im not mistaken.
People actually tried botting??
dude im Portuguese and i answered wrong laugh
Does anyone have any info about the tokenization aspect?
They get taken out straight away
yeah haahahahaha some of the latest question is really  lagging for me tho sadness
Hey guys the quiz got leaked and some people tried botting it.
I have checked the chat log of every single top 10 winners and only 2 of them will receive WL
WPY and IMXAPE congrats! To the rest  NGMI
Yea i think its in the faqs or roadmap
looking like its gonna be a 1 hour wait for blood work so im back BouncyBear
today i hit 3 foam runners. 2 red 1 orche. what about you? POLO  WHAT????
Haha I am with my parents rn so Im waiting on them to leave 
Congrats to you guys!!  man hopefully can win the next one! haha
dont thnink too much of the trivia guys plenty more to come around think of this one as a feel for it 
wow the quiz got leaked thats insane!!!!
Oh my.. Time to check it out. But nft takes up all my time..
ill be up for the next 72 hours
Glad to see youre still grinding
Thanks for the quick turnaround! Hope that the remaining spots can be raffled to those who play fairly 
haha. thats quite a while. welcome back!
NFTs down bad right now in general. might be a good time to try it out
BouncyBear lol yeah thats what happens when you have to do bloodwork asap and its a nightmare trying to make appointments
does server boosters have benefits?? or just changed color names? haha 
nice. i can do better but my proxies like shit
Boosters only changed color names haha
Hey im glad we were right on our suspicion! Incredible that 810 were bots.
Yep!  How are you doing though?
I never left bro. Here since the beginning of time. Haha
wow congrats to those two! ahh that sucks that we have bots here but what can we doo
i am looking out for myself by staying in the top 200 
so far just change in color names haha well 2 lucky member got whitelist randomly but thats it
how did the quizz even get leaked?
cool name and one night they did a random giveaway to the boosters so you never know man 
I messed up on one instance sadly
wow the team giving back towards the community instead of cheaters  
bojangles  no clue it sounds crazy huh lol
wow thats a lot of winners gone
u have to do it a certain hospital or lab? usually we have many labs here that can do bloodwork so if one is busy just go over to another
probably some bozos glad team double checked and disqualified them tho 
Love to see it! Climb up those ranks
Nice work mods on checking for botters
support my suggestion for a fashion channel!
there really is a ton of WL spots available. thats crazy
That would go hard but then Id just get flexed on 
I feel you bro ngl but sleep is so important I found that out early this week
Mann is it reallly possible? how?
i slept good last night at least D
Just came back from work. Just staying in chat for a while. Then will head to shower and dinner
thats a good question. im not sure what to call it
BouncyBear no i dont but where i live this is the only one that isnt a 45 minute drive with traffic and if i drove out i would still have to wait a fair amount there so its just a nightmare overall
Kindly give us an update when investigation completes. Really hoping for a fair game
Wow man how did you find out it sounds serious buddy! hope you have been taking care 
tutan is my friend i dont think he is botting tho. Let me ask him privately
surprised you guys figured out that it was botted in the first place. Good job and good luck. very authentic
hahha thats crazy good detective work
ah that sucks. well an hour will pass by quick when u are chatting here i guess! haha.
Yea man . Thats the plan. You are still here as well. Gona be glorious day to be in green together
going to the doctor right now AMA wyverns
Everything is possible with bots.. Also know of bots that will auto help u enter all giveaways
Unreal! As long as youre getting it in that is the main thing!
top 100 lowkey could be all bots who knows? i managed to get top 115 with the answers barely popping up half the time feel like we need a better system all around
yea saw that haha i thought there will be  some kind of giveaways for booster   haha just speculating
i know plenty of mods who leak this kind of thing to get their friends wl its really common
Well more spots for us I guess 
Yes sir well get there any moment now
Im looking for whether its fixed supply total supply and burn rate. Im in another project I thought was going for an aggressive burn rate to keep pace w a kongz model would require burn of 18002100 tokensnew part of project then the dev said something about it only being 250 tokens to mint the next part and I was like hmmm. That said they havent said what the supply will be so Ill remain hopeful that the math checks out. I guess I figured it would be something most projects would have outlined in the roadmap. With the current supply on this it could be one of two models Im just trying to figure out which one it is.
my ganesh and whatbot worked well today but i have alot of declined. cant check out
Hope we can get some fair giveaways 
who knows  guess well wait on that answer
yeah a lot of declines today but the sauce is there
Thats some allegation there buddy
I tot the quiz is prepare by mod themselves?
Kishu wow good catch guys makes sense though based on how fast answers were coming in before the question popped up. The staff here continues to impress me!
at least they are checking authenticity
I really think give aways are fair no way for outsiders to manipulate the bots to force a win
how else would it get leaked lmao im not even blaming anyone in particular
ayee we will all get flexed on hahaha
Yeah just that trivia was iffy 
yep and they always check the winner
Not sure too but im hoping there will be some investigation proper
ay everyone who been in here having good convos will get wl eventually. quiz just a fun way. no worries everyone
wow! odds in booster gang lmao haha
best part about the team wanna give everyone a fair chance
So sad some mods are leaking the quiz
i saw someone hit 466 doubles with velox. unbelievable
BouncyBear very true time flies in here. Especially in thecave2 where real conversation can take place.
ayo we getting flexed on at the moment by the green lads
everyone welcome morchize he is shy ! Morchize
i enjoyed that anime kuroko the shadoww and carryy PESHeart
should be someone leak or smtg i dunnu rpf
its ok we all have a great opportunity to hit green!
Wonder if there will be Cave wars 
I thought it was just me using wifi but my ping is still sub 10 ms. lol
almost top 100 lfg ill be able to sleep tonight
no worries will able to be all green when theres hundreds of whitelist spots to go around 
King Kro we are all equal we come together as one 
I must say I am very disappointed that there arent any green WL named active in the community right now I wish there were more.
2 channels are really brazy man! haha   is this really this wild during est bois are up? 
true that! i gotta bounce tho. its already 11.30pm here. haha. need to sleep. got work tomorrow! have a good day man! hope everything works out on that bloodowork!
hes being a nutjob and is typing like he wants to get banned
I only read comic books. Watching movies takes a lot of time
dis coo w me giveaway that wl spot 
ofc but the thought was just funny lol
Kishu  wow thats crazy too bad peeps like that here
for sure! appreciating the team for providing many opportunities PESHeart
i mean alot of the greens been grinding so they probably just taking a quick break
i knew someone that somehow used to play a ton of video games read books and watched movies. like how???
i dont even wanna go to the gym lool i dont wanna lose my spot
BouncyBear thank you so much i hope you have a restful night! Enjoy work tomorrow and maybe we can talk more text time we are both free!
Man how about the orange names wish they were more active as well 
i guess so LOL Faudi what you think about this
Greens come and go but like any projects they disappear after getting WL
Good morning Wyvern fam!! Hope everyone is enjoying their Friday so far!!
I used to hit almost 200 pairs of yzy 350 but it was a brick
for sure! was nice chatting with u!
time to switch to this cave since i detected a weirdo in cave one
Wow. Thanks for the transparency. This bodes well for community building. 
Brausoto  it drops quick when not active
Cheaters are really good nowadays
i am hoping they will announce little by little
Good morning Peter ! is almost 1am now gotta sleep soon 
yea but this dude also worked a 95 lol. seemed impossible
dw cant get banned for stating an opinion
dont let this take priority bro! about to start a workout myself i guess you could message during ur intervalsthinking 
i mean idk dont take the chance.
i know bro thats why i donr wanna leave
Hyxder  a weirdo how what done to think this?
yo guys time to sleep whattttt why sleep at all see you guys soon love yall
now the weirdo is in here so i will transfer back to first cave
maybe ill make it with a top 70 
Yup....like every few hours just be up in cave 2 like Oprah
Oh wow they actually caught some cheaters in the trivia. Good job mods! And congrats to all the new winners!  
We are already part of this cosmic venture!
I love how transparent the team is in actually scrutinising the fairness of the winners
how do we know top 20 are not bots tho
Wow almost 1am. What part of the world are you from fam? Yeah bed time soon. lol
hahaha he probably did it while at work
oooo some drama with the quiz fun fun fun
the mods check chat logs so it should be all good they all seem very competent
botting is really bad these days. i bought ganesh for 5300 and now only 1400 left. lost nearly 1 Eth 
Lolol. Have fun running through channels. I hope you find peace 
anyone else very hungry? lets hear some favorite foods!
absolutely im yet to see a team as dedicated at growing an organic community as this one
PekingCow  ARKIPEL  you gonna rest?
gotta pull out the pop corn for this one 
yup no bots here. organic growth only
hey guys soon when we announce random quizzes we wont be giving a  10 min waiting period to avoid people from letting their bot accounts join instead it will be a quick 23 min starting time for only those who are active in chat to see and join
HAHAHHAHAHA best plot twist ever
They are ensuring that real humans putting in real work will truly be rewarded
from Malaysia bro gotta sleep soon ! G9 and see u tmr 
Long way to go. Same goes for me too
Bought Kage for 4k sold for 100 
wow! wowza  since when you discovered this server boss? 
Love that its not an invitefest to get the WL 
I respect that Ryu love what you guys do to make this as organic as possible
Great is an understatement at this stage
Ryu Sweet! Ill say it again the wyvern team continues to impress me!
Howdy fam!! Up to anything my man?
i mean in the quiz haha im rank 118 or so tho
how are you not whitelisted yet?! I thought for youre you would be! Kishu Ryu monitor this guy I dont see many people having consistent meaningful conversations! hes been here since the start too
Will this happen at all timezones?
kage is trash lol. I am so sorry for you
Love it rewarding those who are active in chat!
I second that. Seems like they have a rota for mods too. Constantly online to modulate and regulate. Great organisation and discipline
Hope they do a lot of contests 
Oh nice!! Alright fam have a good night. See you later!!
Im feel honoured to be part of such a project destined for greatness art is one thing but the team is what makes the project successful
YuppI have the same opinion there are no spam bots and invitation contests here.
lvl 262! let goooo i wanna see myself in tohse 200 by the end of the night
yes theres going to be random quizzes throughout the day so dont worry ull eventually get to join a few
ShihTzu Who wants fire haha ME!
Same here. And i have faith in the moderators
im surprised you still dont have WL ive been seeing you here for forever now
Fingers crossed. Gonna keep taking breaks if i need to at work to participate
Fr only real here excluding the bots
sneakpeek omg the sneak peeks are sick do you guys see em 
the sneak peek is literally insane
hopefully can get an asia timezone friendly boss!  and ill upgrade my net hahah coz its really slow to show up the answers lmao 
Damnnnn tht loooks v simillarr ahahaha
check out who wants fire sneakpeek . so cooool
here ya go brother v1 continue to help out the community man cognrats on your whitelist  pepeOK well deserved
are you also waiting for more sneakpeeks
Good idea. Should be time friendly for the world! Take turns
this is fireee literally fire lol
Bro the sneak peek is literally fire
ShihTzu Super cool giving me charizard vibes for sure.
sneak peek looks thumpE thumpLit
yea man! haha its hard atm for me since its nearing 1am here haha btw are you from asia also? 
project just keeps getting better
no the one that just came out looks absolutely spectacular.
ayeee finally congrats v1  you deserve it bro
BRO 27 the sneak peak is FIRE!!!! Saved that gif so fast. Thats insane
I wonder how many are going to be animated or if its just the legendary ones
group is still relatively small but growing fast
Congratulations v1! So happy for ya
You got this light work for you
I travel around bro. I work as a pilot and sometimes its hard to get connections. Have been tellibt my mates about NFT and got them interested
congrats v1 well deserved bro! also so kind of you smeef for helping the mods notice his commitment. Wholesome space 
Congrats my brother!! Well deserved.
same here. i wish I had nitro to make it my pfp lol
Im like even more hyped up now hahaha  and yeah dude I might do that rn
Sneak peek is fire. Crazy awesome.
wow! one of my dream jobs brother! haha but where are you really based? 
theyre building a quality community in here for sure
ooooo THANK YOU so much i would type in all caps but we cant  Love wyvern fam 
o wow congrats v1 you got it hopefuly ill get there some day 
Guys who thinks that the sneakpeek looks more like dragonite than charizard. He deffo looks very chonky which I love 
250 man it is so hard to move from here
Damnn tht sneak peek.... FIREEEEelmofire
The new sneak peek is literally fire lol
Didnt even know you could bot a quiz
Awesome!!  v1 has been very helpful around the community and continues to spread the love. Congrats fam!!
yessir hope to see you continue being active in the community 
Yeah the quiz was compromised unfortunately but the team is working on a solution 
i see i see man! ireland! one of the best countries imo haha  but really high of cost living there 
I prefer the icy wyvern bro. Ice dragon that breathes fire. sneakpeek
ayee you been here from the start man you definitely deserve it hopefully i see you on the other side hahahah
Omg its about time fr congratulations man welldeserved kinglove
you still holding down that number 1 spot thats crazy lmfao ur a demon
caleb I think the quiz was made by someone in the community and they leaked it out to the public beforehand.
Botherr you got it!!! Well deserved
youve been active you deserve it
WOW bro this blows my mind that its even physically possible. Truly pushing the frontiers of digital art
Ahh that would make much more sense sorry for the misinformation
Sweet!! Im loving the red wyvern. These leaks are getting better every time. Appreciate you!!
congrats brother def deserved it has been a pleasure chatting with you 
good luck getting wl soon. ur under 100 u should be in wl in no time!
Yeah hope they get it sorted out and let the legit winners have the WL
v1 congrats man ive seen you very active its great to see the mods continuing to provide!
Faudi gave me newfound motivation by calling me a bot so i gapped him by 10k exp. he has now given up
That sneak peak as pfp is insane
hes gotta keep the love fest with faudi going somehow. lmao.
I want to be whitelisted so bad! I play ARK just to ride wyverns lol
was he joking or unironically calling you a bot hahaha
nice pfp and nice dub boss!!  would love to have BAYC also in the near future! goals! 
guys  5.7k members with 2k online how genuine can this get !
congrats to the one got whitelisted!
for some reason he was unironically calling me one like my message history aint right there funniest part is whatever he says makes no sense bruh 
its incredible bro so glad to be a part of this community
I think he was joking tbh. Its still funny to watch them go back and forth tho
ay congrats to the legit quiz winnrrs
And all are true human and active  nice community we want for the project !!
Nice team and amazing efficiency
Youll fall over when you see it lol
Thank you for all the love everybody  im hoping to see all of you green too
congrats to the new and well deserves trivia winners.
congrats to the nonbotted winners PeepoHeart
Ryu httpstwitter.comAlexxNFTstatus1454104773767180291?tc7dqrh1w265jqAMcrpvxxws19 Twitter raid?
Sup fam!! Sooner or later V1 was about to get that WL. How you doing my brother?
LMFAO thats just salt I think pure salt
Pain brudda what makes you think so. Youre well ahead of the curve rn. Keep your head up and lets get across the finishing line bro
oh im looking at it wrong theres 3000 spots xD
You had it coming long ago the sleepless nights paid off for sure
Congrats to the recent trivia winners
Results are out congrats to winners
u will bro i have seen you here since yesterday just grinding so just be patient
Damnnn  but omg MOO?? Its me mitchel!
love how they chose the winners
Im more curious why he was defending the dude who got booted for botting the quiz.
Congrats on all the new WL. Yall making this chat even more positive. Lets keep that vibe going.
Dayum bear.....legit beating the bots. GOAT
right? I like how they do their due diligence
none sir haha if we have x2 exp everyone will just keep spamming random chats instead this is not a grinding community but a interactive one 
yea man! they are really into the community!  really bullish about this project 
What do you mean I LOST........ RIP RIP RIP
Okay everyone dream vacation spot! Ill go first  Iceland!
sending luck ur way and to everyone else PESHeart
hey i got a good amount of sleep wym lol 
i agree. dont give exp boosts. makes no sense because its not supposed to be a grind
Wow congrats ! way to win it in a fair manner well deserved 
Definitely gonna be great project looking at the team
yo i just noticed u are green congrats man
this will make people text more and i think its hard for mods to control spam bots
this is the way... If you look at the kongz discord its not nonstop convo just genuine interaction.
Lmao gg my luck is just so shit. gonna go cry in the shower
CONGRATS TO U  u earning that WL PESHeart
Hahaha you deserved it but now you can rest easy knowing nobody taking your spot
congrats on the new true winners you guys deserved it 
The community ! its all organic
these sneak peaks are straight 
Botters deserve a special place in hell
Congrats to everyone who made it!! Go celebrate! 
hows it been going guys just took a nap
i really want to hibernate rn and wake up to the green
Can you add like 1 more LOL im 27 CryingMan
hahaha what timezone are u  in?
same lmao  ive been doing all i can
wthug wsanta wpumpkin wpsyco wpirate  wparty wknife wingedwyvern weyes wbandana
feel free to take a break brother. sleep is very important
youll get it forsure on the next quiz
I helped the community big time
i actually seen u here for awhile too peepoBlunch LFGG
ive seen you here for a while too
Whats everyones favorite NFT that they own?
wait which mitchel are you hahaha?
I am seeing more and more green now green color feels good to eyes
Its bloodwork time everyone see yall later!
Wow lol i got first in the quizz
meaning they arent activitely reaching out for community members
Dont own any NFTs hope this will be my first one
no fertilizers were used to grow this discord!
this would probably the best first nft ever
organic means genuine. no bots. everybody is here for the community
Cool man wish u luck to get the first NFT !
Thank you yomsssssssssssssssssssss
i want that charmander wyvern soo bad 
congrats again to white list winners!
brilliant how about that punk in your pfp though
is the activity comp still going on rn?
This will be an amazing one! Like really good 
yep its going on top 200 will get wl
top 200 surprise snapshot man wont announce when itll end
hey man im doing great. how about yourself?
Im doing good how about you Gus
Can we make another OTG gang here?
been building since 700 people!
atleast i know my spot is gonna go to someone ranked like 201  leaves less worrys now for others
damn v1 congrats on green my friend
ya a lot of people are whitelisted from sub 200 alrdy prob gonna extend to 250
Jake nice those couple ones must be fire
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend Thank you good sir!!
mitchel I hope it is I see a lot of potential for this
Yes almost all channels have slow mode on
cmon bruh how u gonna use a pfp that isnt yours
i heard a rumor that they may close the discord 
Yeah most channels have like 1530s and the caves have 1m delay
Humble as always you never fail impress
Dayum this will be one nft to keep for the long term for sure
i hope they do i need the wl lmao
rest is essential. you can always come back and grind
Aww this is killing me..feel like writing email and wait for response hahahha
appreciate it  youre next in line    TIMMY yup maybe even 300s now as time goes on 
aight im gonna keep tryin i guess just not enough hours in the day ya know?
Fr without timer everything is gonna be chaotic
that quiz was tricky on mobile ppl were reacting before the answers were even showing lol
dont quote me on that though haha
Maybe he likes the pfp he doesnt have to own the nft to save the picture..? 
time to climb back up the ladder
is that pfp yours? and how are you gonna stop me 
Im also doing great glad to hear you guys are good
ya im rank 18 rn  still waiting for my turn
nah man I truely nid some sleep   been burn the midnight oil many day
What kind of competition is going on there
congrats on the green bro. Did you get it through the trivia?
im doing fine boss!  man so many cosmic pfp  would love to change mine also once I boosted the server 
haha get your rest then friennd
check out whitelistinfo and announcements to see updates bro! its top 200 w a tbd snap shot
just had a good nights sleep and a busy day hahaha
seeshking nah I was just top 2 for like the whole first day and the mods gave it me randomly 
anyone getting their christmas presents yet?
u grinding hard man u will get it for sure
Im sure of it we mooning this bb. Diamond handz only
wow why though is there benefits to being at the top 
yup no worries  just keep active and engage with the community and youll be selected instead 
sure man but I like to enjoy the hype and community here ! so gonna enjoy somemore before I head to sleep
respect for being top 2 to u PESHeart
I must be weak lol I couldnt do it last night hahahaha I tried
Woah thats crazy! Pays to find projects early
This community has to be the best everyone is great
How uall find out this project tho?
Wagmi brother! trust the process  lets just vibe it in 
is everyone in here good  im back 
the  is always watching dont worry friend
Fr everyone here is nice and I learned so much here
top 200 get wl but no benefits for someone whos already whitelisted i dont think
been trying to be helpful hopefully soon dead
Honestly! Its seriously popping off right now  Im super pumped for it all 
v1 got WL and forgot about me sadge
yeah for real this one is golden too amazing team and community
yeah i think theyre just gonna skip those who are already whitelisted and keep going down the list
Wassup man we talked last night how is your morning?
Never seen anything like this before love yall
Even with slowly mode messages are flying !
LOL I had coffee and cmi half way thru
love your bg! tsunade is a tough one
speaking facts tho providing us with mani opportunities and legit checking every winners PeepoHeart party
and insane road map. Has blue chip potential i love it
wassup caleb. i woke up and saw whitelist at 198 and freaked out. but realized its open to 3000 now. duh should have remembered their announcement xD im glad now though
very likely that seems like its the most logical approach
OMG that sounds so good right now haha 
oh what alpha discord you have boss?  if its okay to shill it to me haha 
What is the advantage of server booster?
hinata bad asf especially in that one movie
pink name brings more ppl to server and the warm and fuzzies
Hey good morning AP!! Hope your Friday is going great so far Fam!
nothing so far but it helps the server. Right now i dont think it worth anything because already full
craving for fried oreos now and funnel cake
this chat not bussin ima check out cave 1
Organic growth feel so good the atmosphere just way different from other projects that use invites contest as wl requirement
time for another giveaways ????? 
are you OGs also in kongz boss? 
  I would freak out too because its so close to 200 and the leaderboard competition is top 200
good morning sir all good over here still waiting for gas to calm down but what can you do
And youll see the hype will never die!
Not long before were there guys
Indeed and people are having organic conversations and spreading great vibes
sheeeeesh  that one movie was fire 
yomssssssssssssssssssssswtf are fried oreos??? sounds like diabetes deluxe  
Haha this community is pretty legit tho
Never ever  Im here for the long run
Kishu is the goat appreciate the work in the triviaquiz
yep its not one letter spams like in other servers
havent been here too long! just chanced upon it on twitter recently lol wish id found it sooner. but great place to hang out everyone seems nice
yeah haha im happy people getting blessed up thoguh. they deserve it. lots of us been in here most of the last two days xD pepewine
Good. Yeah gas is still off. It actuality cool down a bit late last night. Minting anything?
green means that they r whitelisted
Someone has used my fan art entry in their own as a gif what should I do ? Be flattered or complain ??
sorry to budge in but fried oreos from like a fair hit bro u gotta try with the powdered sugar on top and all
coming over to cave 2 i feel like chat is more organic over here
yea just been enjoying this community the past few days
Is hard to compete here for 200 WL spots only!
2003000 for the WL still got time
i see but you are a rich one coz u have kongz   haha
top 200 is definitely very tough
if they did not ask I might be irritated but ultimately it could be flattering depending on how you look at it lol
sneakpeek bro I need this  Will trade my PSA 10 for it 
I almost guarantee you it is people probably bot in 1 and dont take the time to bot in 2 
bro sugar makes me want to die pensiv 
yoooo 1pm in the cave is def a vibe!! keep up the positive vibes yall!
i dont even remember anymore im in a few haha
The day I go green is the day I retire hahaha
glad to see youre still here as well  really enjoyed talking to you yesterday Bo
i love mine! I like that as a community we already got  into our first decision making
CrazyEighty8  its a good community and the project has some fire art that produces a token my dream come true
im hoping I land presale on this
yea thats why im gonna hang out here from now on chat 1 is just too much
Is there a Captain planet wyvern lol
enjoyed talking to you too! I see you around here a lot
Good night guys time for me to go sleep
Yeah doodles def has some of the best art around  nice community. Love the project
bro there is not only 200 spots left we have 2800 spots left for wl
when its bluechip you most defiantly can 
Dont worry bro 3000 spots is a lot and theres still so many opportunities since were in the beginning. I believe youll get it dance3
we most definitely be one of the blue chips in the long run guys
i see haha hopefully if you remember you can shill it to me  
You should report them to the mods
Morchize shit just made me laugh lol
Id shoot a message to the person using it if you wanted them to stop no need in involving mods imo
looks so sick! its got me jacked up for this lol. we like the art
I need a green check rn else wont be sleeping today
Congrats to everyone who got wl
Slinqy  what up g i saw you here yesterday
This fire is only growing bigger
u gotta get some rest ser health is wealth
they have big plans for the future and the fact that its growing this much without invite contests is crazy
im still trying to buy a damn Etholvant what about you?
shit i should teach my dog that if thats the case
Bro when they showed BEWD I literally said I need Charizard and here they are teasing me with one haha
Very low supply and incredible demand this is going places
most of mine are just youtube channel discords. they usually have people in their talking and stuff
Thats probably the nicest way to do it
only 3500 wyvern right? I guess we will get around 1 mint per wallet
whats up my dude! Glad to see youre still in here as well
Love the moderation on the quiz! 
sending luck to u and everyone on that WL PeepoHeart
yes but 200 are for top 200 rank
Xp is for a minute or for a message?
yeah im hopeful. A couple mods noticed me yesterday and I have been getting tagged left and right through people responding and having dope convos with me. haha ima be patient
sitting in vc with friends. grinding homework here
yes ser i believe the remaining 500 is for giveaways and stuff like that
3450 50 is for the team special event
you think they gonna have a role beyond OG where we get to mint two of them?
Oh I saw that I dont even know what it is. Lol. Heard its something good though. How many are you trying to get?
not much bro just watching some ultimate frisbee reruns from last week
but there will be more chances so dont lose hope bro
do you have any reco youtube channels that i can watch brother? 
Yes you gain between 1020 xp per kinute when youre messaging
Im so used to slow mode since Ive got into the NFT space that now when I see a Discord server without it Im shocked LOL
hal Thats awesome GL with homework 
Man top 200 isnt too bad right? O.o
team is super cool too promising some good utility. definitely a hold job
For sure very excited for the future.
minse096 Yep only 1 mint per wallet.
veng wyvern  if youre happy and you know it show your wyvernMorchize  lol..you like vats?
there you go get it bro!! winning!
This is so gonna carry on  rain or shine 
i dont think so no. 3000 are for whitelist nd 500 are reserved for events and stuff
whatre you guys having for lunch? im just having a bagel lol
I suggest having fun here and youll eventually get there 
So glad Im not in school anymore LOL I never took calculus 
forreal thoughhh steying strong PeepoHeart
minse096  yeah Im sure that will come out soon
thats so cool im actually just watching a soap opera rn theyre my favorite!
Nvm top 200 is gonna be tough af LOL
same everyday i wake up stoked knowing i dont have to go to school laugh
Meanwhile while you guys are waiting for the next giveaway to check out memes and fanart for some top notch works 
had a baguette but that was a few hours ago what timezone you at then?
Keep pushin everyone! Support each other and be empathetic  and you will go green! heartspingreen
junior in hs here trying to balance everything is really difficult. BoNFT ap calc ab is not very fun.
Hey guys Im going to a party now so I wont be able to be as active if you have any urgent stuff feel free to dm me tho because I most likely wont be checking my pings in here until later tonight 
Also Im really sorry for the Trivia thing Im creating some new ones when I come home later today 
thank you for the encouragement ser
hahaha yeah need to be present for days to get into top 200
Might be too low but its really not that bad especially if you genuinely enjoy having conversations here
oh cool! have you ever seen general hospital? thats probably my favourtie one
Love it keen to get some of my own art done tomorrow
EST! i need to go grocery shopping lol
yeah there are some very promising aspects to the supply and tokenomics of this project no doubt
Thats good to hear you play any games? Or do any hobbies for fun?
what kinda bagel? im not sure what im having yet
just 1 or 2 i just want it because its unique. not another 10k pfp project
im calling it rn its going to be one of the projects with the biggest unique holders amount 
I hope so  havent been checking X
haha same im a junior too i was supposed to take ap calc this year but something happened with my enrollment so taking pre calc again
somethings gotta give thats all. teaches me a lesson on time management.
Ayeeee have a good one party for all of us
my favorite show is attaway general the youtube mini series with tik tok stars
Yeah and constantly present since people always grinding
just a regular ol plain bagel lmao
oh yeah bro its fire i love dixie damelio
Ah wicked Im GMT  UK! Bout to have dinner lmao
prob gonna go to sleep guys latefor me have a good one
have fun king you deserve it kinglove
california we got people from all different timezones here
yup i was rank 70 ish yesterday at level 7. Now im 280ish at level 10 haha
you ever try the charlie damelio dunkin donuts drink? its to die for 
The mods would love to see it! Defintely put your talent to good use if you have it
When did you buy your first NFT ?
nice! what ya having? bangers n mash?   
aint no way youre eating just a bagel it has to have someething on it thats like eating straight up bread
yeah its up there with the mcdonalds bts meal
for sure ser its 1am here almost time for bed
i still cant believe mcd was lazy enough to only serve nuggets on that meal laugh
Yeah 100  time management is like soooo important. Its like my biggest struggle
i woke up 2 hours ago where the mods based out of?
I bought my first one in august of this year  been loving the experience since
this seems like an  uphill battel
i had to go to rehab after they removed the travis scott burger. I had a crippling addiction to it and needed help recovering
are you in college or out of college right now?
LOLOL oh im having cream cheese. HAHA i could see where that would sound like that my badddd lol
oh my god  thats too competitive LOL
Hahahaha nah im actually having this Japanese takeaway which is different for me
me too i am spending all of my time on discord
100 percent just been busy engaging in here
Lets go! Staten Island repoin here bro the forgotten borough. The apex dumpsite of dumpsites
Morchize  sometimes I feel lije a cat
I see a lot of people asking its 1 mint per address guys!
it felt like space apes hahaha and i missed it.  Dont want to missed wyvern too
Cant manage todo anything else  lool
ahh thats a lot better i have some leftover curry so i might make some udon or rice to go with it
Havent gone to college yet but if I did Id be a Sophomore. I had a lot of health issues that set me back  but the good thing is is that Im in the NFT and crypto world in the meantime 
staten islands pretty emptyy but im inluv with the houses there
do you like cosmic wyverns as well?
When you guys think crpto will crash again?
awesome man .. nice place to hang haha
i perfer sparkling water like buble
like is an understatement.. we LOVE
yea it was like AA but tbh ive never tried anything more addicting than a travis scott burger
yep Im 99 sure I remember rightly!
It depends where but its pretty suburbanlike everywhere. I like how quiet it is here
yup! it only make sense if we got 1 mint per address for 3000 supply. Imagine the unique holder would be like. crazy
I won a photoshop contest just now yay!!!
lol wait for the next negative news in the crypto space. Every news right now is kinda postive
Yea man...jus hav fun..forget abt the xps..u will get wl
same do you know how rare it is to enforce full pre sale and to only allow 1 per mint lol
oo i was at staten island for the first time a week ago
nah bro when i got the bts meal i could literally smell jimin on it. thats true addiction
Congrats bro! What was the art like? Show me in fanartor here
understandable. one door closes and another one opens!
Defnitely !! like the environment here !
3500 even yesh its gonna be nuts
Morchize  Im not sure I guess Im stealthy and sneaky
love your name haha whats it mean
aye congrats  you mind sharing the pic with with us would love to see your photoshop skills
Yeah its all organic growth in here. community is lit af
DAMN rank 159 now.. i peaked at rank 27 lol
yeah im a very dedicated bts stan i get angry on twitter a lot
haha I got space apes i just got lucky and was there early
did u go to staten island mall or something
Thanks bro I would love to but it shills another project  only posting Wyverns around here hahahahahaa
yeah the 500 supply  is reserved by the dev right. I imagine we will get 2.7 to 3k unique holder at the first time before people then selling and some people will sweep a lot
glad to see. u here still enjoying convo w us bro
Thats alright youll get back there sometime again
wad did u do at staten island? Think
super excited to see what they implement
my last name is smith its just an IRL nickname my friends came up with PUPepeStare
Fair enough hahhahaa my DMs are always open if youre willing to show me
I think the NFT bull run will happen when Crypto crash
lucky u!  i wasnt really paid any attention when my friend shill it to me when it still only 3 invites only for wl
Yeah I got in during then haha then it turned into like an invite competition with 100 LOL
going to a concert tn pretty excited!
gon be here till i see all the names in here turn green
it was fun i live in brooklyn so it wasnt that bad of a trek
interesting take. what makes you think this
thats so supportive of u ser. much love
oh yes youre right youre right my bad!
Damn good. Which concert and where?
I have all the time in the world to grind it back up but so does 500 other people 
Ice  are you here? Cant send you a DM you submitted a wrong address thankyou.
Slinqy  whats your favourite travis scott song bro
dont forget abt me hahahaa we grinded a full 24 yday but im glad you got it you deserved it forsure bro!!!
I appreciate that. Its more of a grind than Discord WL KEKW
Morchize  not sure how to do that
nuts thats why you gotta do everythin in your power to get WL now 
Bro you been at it how has your day been so far tho?
yeah ! the competition was crazy lol wyvern is like only a small portion of what i seen in space apes.. for now. I can see that this project get big also. And when it does its gonna be crazy hard to get into top 200
just be active and youll be good!
yeah fr I quit that a very long time ago enjoyed at the time though
I cant imagine the Twitch grind plus the Discord grind 
have conversations with people its fun
Ice hi there can i have ur discord banner
alright cave 2 im back whats poppin
just started it hahaha me and kucas got slander excision tn!
Yeah im trying to get top 200 BEFORE it gets to 10k server membrs lol
Chat is great. Lot of cool ppl good vibes
Congrats on the green bro! Insane
nah we didnt grind  we just let things happen we just actively engaged and had fun with it  didnt even realize how long we was talking for lol i swear it was all food talk too 
It really is but Im walking rn so cant focus much really
ETH ATH again and the grinding continues
yup thats true haha if its gotten too big by tomorrow i think ngmi for me hahaha
man looking forward to that memes peposneaky  hahha 
its storming tonight either gonna be lit asf or a big L
you dont necessarily have to grind its more about the quality than quantity i believe
Gotta be top 10 if you want to stay ahead of the pack
im pulling up to that too. you got floor?
Storm bruh... the rain gonna make everyone so cold 
yeah it was super fun time flew bye i was legit trynna type while at the festival it was crazy! tummysalumi yeee i got floor
For sure honestly it has been fun
theyve been preaching that for a while. help out others be active be interested etc.
congrats on the green! knew youd be one of the people that would get it. And yea doesnt really feel like a grind its more like just having fun
LMAO T10 is never happening for me. Thats easily level like 20
aye word you guys go to raves 0 where ya guys from
Whats slander excision? Im not too familar
yooo im pulling up too its gonna be a storm tonight tho make sure you buy some ponchos or something
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend AirWolf Aomine  Im also good
Exactly right. Quality matters over quantity
yeah he honestly needs to relax
yooooo dont get caught in the rain brother bring a poncho with you its gonna be a chilly night
I used to rave a shitload back in the day now I mainly stick to music festivals as it is a slower burn lol how about you?
At the rate etherium is going it might start a long bear cycle for nft
we finna headbang together or what up
but dont know  the end of the competition...
nah im going shirtless ponchos sound like a L
heyyy aomine i like ur discord handle!!
wait is it an outdoor stadium? kucas tummysalumi 
I believe in it well get it soon come on
You always had 3 convos going on at the same time respect
ETH will flip Bitcoin in 5 years mark my words!
yoo whats up brotherr my senior said i can leave work whenver im done so hopefully i can finish it asap gotta blast 
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns its outdoors so the rain is gonna affect us
you korean? the only guys i know who say fighting are korean lol
nah bro you have a whole day headstart on those guys wgmi
u sure? maybe last for a week or 2 weeks..
What do ppl think of my new PfP it a Wyvern I made for Halloween
yeah its outdoor boss. you excited?
yeah its outdoors thought it was indoors at first too but that stadium has no roof
im trying to get into top 200 today haha
not before meme coins kill NFTs
Id love to visit but I dont even know what country to start at
i seen a lot of other asian countries say it too now
ahhhh damn. im gonna get sick forsure
2 weeks is a long time for this.. Since people are talking EVERY minute. Those guys will be like level 40 lol
we finna stay in top 200 while headbanging or what
Very nice hurry up and join me 
It is easily possible just depends on how determined you are you go tthis
Someone have a word with Ethereum please give people a chance for a bit
youre done with work already?? wow that must be nice to be done at 1PM hahahaha
i went from level 0 to top 100 yesterday u can do it
whats our cults goal gonna be tho? to kill all meme coins? because im down
How to even get pass that zoneeeeee
Im not Korean Im Vietnamese. Thats tryhard best not fighting you misunderstood.
yup so its kind of crazy thing.. maybe we need to 247
the nft run will come sometime late q4 i believee
yup just gotta climb the mountain
yeah bro def not losing my spot
Yeah.. thats what im saying lol
Haha not done but im just talking while at work 
after every drop im typing a message
Praying for it!! Maybe in the meantime I can load up on projects 
bro u been doing that all day ...
You can do it mate its pretty lit in cave 2
buy the dips ser everything is on discount now
fr hes a genius though. excited for eth 2!!
it did and so did my depression
if you have never watched Captain Kirk  Climbing the mountain song you should youtube that immediately
Which cave is better ? Please me know im undecided
I hope it doesnt launch before this project I dont want eth to moon yet ahaha
ill do a butt chug and get a tattoo of a wyvern at the same time for your spot good sir
zackemc Yep! Thinking about getting a Doodle. Thoughts?
always wanted to go to a rave in nyc how was the weather there
oh my  this guy deserves the charizard
hold up before i headbang i gotta type in this discord gimme a sec
This is dope nsane!!! Do you ever eat sleep or even shit??
Lmao you gonna be top 1 foreva haha
goodluck everyone 3 winners in giveaways
show the girls your rank in this discord EZ
yeah ive been only in cave 2 for today haha
 and positive vibes incoming to the community 
What is the difference between cave 1 and cave 2?
i play music. im prepping music for a halloween show then a one wheeel festival . sorry i tok so long to respond xD 
also i posted some memes if anyone can give me a like  i made them hehe
may the force be with me  whitelist
whats up guys ! any familiar faces here today?
no it will be launching early next year or later most likely. we gonna play diamond hands so no need to worry about eth mooning!!
i certainly didnt know how many wyverns were on portugals coat of arms
go for it. doodles is a pretty good investment
hit that giveaway people gogogo
nah we have to praise all meme coins
yeah gas is just perpetually above 150 and it aint pretty
Waaaahhhh this is excellent! How or where do you get that energy! Brilliant!
good luck on the giveaway everybody  hope for some bots so we can get some rerolls 
RESPKET TO UU WYVIEE steying strong oii
I dont want them to hit so I have more odds
Woke up right on time good luck good luck everyone
Show that you can go for hours and hours without sleeping 
I still need to buy eth for this nft but I am focused on getting WL rn
Were all serious about this guys 
No worries bro that sounds really fun. What instruments do you play or you make music in like fl studio?
im taking the dub on this giveaway
good luck everyone on the giveaway!!
good luck to everyone for the giveaway!
Everyone enter the giveaway! giveaways
mitchel yo its so congested...but its still rewarding for sure. And I started like 4 months ago so I am a noob
Good luck on this yall! thanks! Gus
should be releasing next month so you have plenty of time.
tysm we need that luck sendinglucks to everyone tooPeepoHeart
never won anything best wishes yall
Yessir hope yall get this W giveaway!
im manifesting gwei to be lower than 80 tomorrow
nah im not confident bro im rigging it
welcome ser! refer to announcements and faqs for more info
Grind more win more gogogo  10 mins more guys for giveaways!!!
i hope this manifestation comes true
is this our lucky day guys?   haha
Hyxder Maybe Ill sneak in this giveaway and wont have to buttchug for your spot.
congratz on the green my friend
checkout giveaways and good luck !
Im really great just pretty tired because of work haha hbu?
i make music in ableton but im a better DJ than i am a producer. I been doing this for like 15 years. I DJ on whatever i can but what im really good at is prepping my sets . I spend weeks downloading organizing getting everything really tight and super intentful for my audience. its loads of fun. you can peep my soundcloud  Djpeewhee
PepoFlexWide1 PepoFlexWide2 PepoFlexWide3
Same working from home Aka vibing here
hey man the workouts have been doing wonders keep it up
its 1.30am here ser time for bed soon
just smoked by buddy in a game of fifa
ima check u out. i do some prod in FL thats dope abelton is something id like to mess around with for melodys
Haha I finished a lot of my work earlier haha just finished eating lunch
for sure !! keeping it strong here w. other wyvies PeepoHeart
That must have felt nice I always get smoked
Happy lucky positive greatest vibes incoming 
average cosmic wyverns enthusiast 
DX well yeah mid November my mistake
nice bro good luck visualize the win!
work from home vibes. more vibe than work
i hope im turning green with luck
the first loss is always the most special... after that you just feel numb to it
Fr Im really enjoying here because all people are nice and cool 
im a wyvern connoisseur haha fancy words
who need some blessing? ask Hyxder
I feel you my friend lololol this grinding vibe is real
really hope i win this giveaway 
are you guys feeling the DUB?  
Yooo thats sick as hell Ill check your page out brother  Im probably a bit younger than you are but a lot of my friends have a similar passion for music as you do and theyre learning everything from mixing the beat to the vocal mastering it etc.
if you ever want to chat further bro my DMs are open for you. send me a friend request. I hang out heavily in the producer scene so i know a thing here and there. Ive also got unreleased VSTs and stuff. Got one from mr carmack 
we got this if not winning the giveaway just stay genuine and well all be green 
Remember to check out the giveaway tab guys  good luck 
Good luck to everyone whom enters!! Life changing stuff happening
Just so many people streaming these days
yeah please do! i really need to make a new mix for my NFT friends. feel like yall like gangster trappy bass stuff 
also go check my new meme i made about making amazing friends in the cave  memes
thats the vibe here at wyvern alright
i gotta go with the charizard as im a huge pokemon nerd lol
Aye! Hells yea! From AB over here
have a great weekend ahead everybody! stay safe
Im from Oklahoma US how about you?
yep TGIF great weekend ahead of us
YW!!! We need all the good vibes
you too. lets go green and head moon bound
Oakland CA its pretty chill here
at this rate we gonna need 5 caves haha
fr what ae your plans for halloweekend?
Man we will be green someday!!  this week or upcoming week no doubt about it  
good choice im more of a Smaug fan myself but i bet Charizard would destroy him
Guys how are these cool dragons made? do the creators randomly generate their art or do they make every single one by hands?
TGIF guys and girls !!! lets do this
singapore. summer all year longggg
Canada I wish I lived in Cali tho!
Japan I really like the culture and places also the anime stuff there
we got some serious grinders here
anyone go to any concerts recently
Whats the difference between the caves?
thats what i said to staff last night lol
idk i think smaug is far stornger than charizard  hes huge!
samesies wyvie nyc representing here KEKWaddle
It is! and the restrictions of travelling makes everything worst 
who will be the 3 lucky winners!! 
i always wondered what a wyvern was
Ooo its a Friday night here in Singapore X
Oh hahaha thought it was a nft project or sum
happy Saturday from here in Aus
But is he stronger than mega Charizard?
I had to take a break for a bath did I miss anything ??
well maybe not normal charizard but i think a shiny charizard takes on smaug no problem
Canada cold half the year tho haha
yep everyone is hot on these Wyverns this latest sneakpeek has put a fresh fire under my butt lol
Yea its Friday night here in India as well. But we work on Saturdays too
i posted 3 memes go check it out  give me a react if you enjoy it heh
Mazeltov  youre not kidding. Some dedicated wyverns hete
didnt you know that it has scaly eggs
We have some giveaway going rn in giveaways make sure to enter
Awwww x sorry to hear that good day at work then!!!
does it actually have scaly eggs?
im not too sure yet havent have any plans yet what abt u
hopefully brother!!!  hopefully!!
whats a guy gotta do to buttchug with some wyverns
mega charizard y yes mega charizard x maybe
No get anything other than burger king pls
Thats so cool. We are early still so I think we have some good chances
yeah u should it sounds good rn
it really does i had to google it when quizzed!
nice nice enjoy the rest of your day man
Fair point mega Charizard X is superior
hahahahaha its the best kind of pain
Fair always wanted to visit Chicago
i just got shared this project by my friend to entry the GA never win in ma lyf
Ryu  Wojak Jack MaskByte is it possible to get a vc in here?
he was so broken in competitive lol idk why they made him ou and not uber
you know who would beat smaug though? agumon
got to be in it to win it my friend
make sure to go check out giveaways last minute guys!
Make sure to always check giveaways announcements they are sneaky here and usually time limits so dont miss them
we have voice channels. scroll  to the bottom
only when it comes to projects hahahahahaha
Mcdonalds is better than burger king imo I personally havent had a good burger from burger king KEKW you could also try to get some wendys
Hahaha I would pay to see that fight
good luck to u and everyone on that giveaways
thats how u know its a great and active community!
just hit lvl 14! were one step closer to 20 boys
Morchize  what are you activating??
Sheeesh great job man. Thats insane!
yes sir!! thats the only thing we have atm! hope and perseverance 
McDonalds food doesnt mold though I dont trust it hahahaha
hello hope everyone is doing okay
congrats folks! mods lets run it back!
Fr lmao charizard do be my favorite pokemon of all tome
people actually eat at burger king ? its been a running gag over where im at that burger king is the worst fast food
burgers are just wide and are dry as hell but cant lie the fries from bk hit pretty well
Henry!!! Congrats on WL man didnt even notice
bro youre trippin charbroilled burger king patties are top notch just that everything besides the patties are just pure garbage. best thing about mcdonalds are their nuggets those are unbeatable for sure.
really? i still find mac fries are better
Im with you. it has to be some of the worst there is lol
CryptoGrandmaCultivator    I dont know what that is
respect bro you doing great here
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns thanks yo have fun at slanderexcision  ill be there 
Thanks to whoever told me about the giveaway !! Good luck
never had it before I have yet to hear a good thing about that place cry
sad to say we didnt but on to the next one right?  haha 
for sure!! the team is providing many opportunities as well pepeLove
lol hype got again after reroll what a luck
Wow congrats on that green name man
stay locked in people there will be more giveaways
hype is crazy wtf i want that guy on my team
no way he won twice get a lottery ticket HYPE
lack of 1 message oh my its so unfortuante
what sort of scocery and luck haha
Hahahaha HYPE has like super luck
HENRY yo! major dub congrats bro I see you
Holy snap you turned green!! Good job twin 
haha so many rerooll congratsss
I dont eat either often but i would prefer mcdonalds over bk literally all the bks Ive been to smudge it in ketchup and mustard and the patties just be so dry. The fries make up for it to me though
HYPE can you tell me which dog coin i should buy? please i need your power right now
so many reroll and i never hit 
maybe should kick those that were rolled but weren here haha
you got cinnamon bun icing on your face
lol me too we need to borrow some luck from hype
congrats Oratorio well deserved
sir why did i kick in og i just forgot to put my wallet address. Im in different timezone man can i have a chance? I have proof. ShihTzu
Congrats to all the legit winners
Congrats Oratorio nice to see you contributing to multiple channels!
yo congrats to those 3 legit winners
the odds is 0.3 its not that your luck is bad
Im saying   they were spinning that mf
what kinda fast food you hittin up on the reg though?
Mac fries are better but if youre getting bk the fries are good but thats about it  KEKW  just my personal opinion
FarhanZ wya bro u gotta climb out the mud
sending luck ur way and to everyone else PeepoHeart
thanks!! green coming to everyone here soon 
HENRYYY brotherrr i was just taking a small break from work and i got greeeen ill see you here soon 
hey winners rub off some of that luck on us please 
Good luck everyone! keep spirits highh
DUDE!! So happy for you. Hopefully i make it 
congrats bro from lost boyzz hahahaa
So good to see a few more winners! Congrats
Rng just loves sending some hype
hype can you teach me how to win pls
good stuff you guys. yall made it LFG
heyy i made it to the top 33 but still havent received my WL you can check my chat history. 
Two henrys lol i thought it was you but well get there man
I need to manage my expectations better on raffles lol
oh my god we hit 6k already and almost 6100 members now OOGA
For burgers and fries habit or five guys for me
Thats not how it works man keep engaging and the devs will notice you!
yeah of course i was gonna be out the whole day after work this is so perfect timing to be green 
HENRYYY im happier for you very soon ill let the higher ups know ahahahhaha 
we will win in the next giveaway ! lets try again !
the growth is getting crazier as each day goes by lol
its moving fast hahah more people will come in
Hello there fellow Kaiju hodler
they havent taken the snapshot yet relax man. its not about the grind. if youre trying to grind it out youre already doing it wrong. its all about organic growth
congrats to everyone who won the giveaways just checking in. Have a great rest of your days and best of luck to the mods noticing your organic growth
never tried habit but ive heard good things. five guys tho ... thats my goto. if im feeling fancy tho i do like a little shake shack every now and then
Yeah we making moves in cave 2!!!
for sure we are rapidly growingg shakecolors
Well done to the winners would be an amazing feeling
Congrats to all winners as well 
congrats to the winners ok now back to the task at hand
Lmaoo if they ever have the nominate system dont forget me twin 
I bought my first nft last week haha hbu?
hypes buyin a lottery ticket right now i think
kucas my man you up next. i feel it. wagmi brother
nah you are bro you here more than me
go buy yourself a lottery ticket now lol
congrats to u on that WL PeepoHeart
man lucky guys!!!  congrats to our winners! 
i dont think i will sleep until i got to top 120 lol only reaching top 200 will ended up with me out of the top 200 again when i woke up
Ooh youre lucky as hell had shake shack like 2x but i live on the west coast and we have in n out but like its overrated imo the fries are terrible and the burger is like any other burger
Bruh slow mode in the cave is brutal
gn all! time for bed. keep the grind goinggg
Nice congrats on the WL Im sure we will all be blessed at some point
We all up next in cave 2! This is the best channel! 
thats the spirit! May the spirit of the ancient wyvern bless us
I dont have to grind I just go help new people and congratulate those who get WL. then relax everyone in the general chat channel
that happens..leader board is super volatile
Slow mode is okay because without slowmode everything is gonna be a chaos
it dont matter to me brother. im here for the community. came for the whitelist stayed for the people. yk what i mean?
i liked innout when i tried it had the mustard grilled or whatever its called and well done fries. i do have a soft spot for smash burgers tho im ngl
steveo is legit too wyvern lords reroll for him
yeah i hear you fam good thing is people are close on levels in top 200 so its easier to overtake too take advantage
its necessary bro if we consider the hype
yeah thats the best kinds of servers haha
Thats the only right way! Keep it up 
Dont want to lose my position. Cant sleep lol
you should try to bet on sweepstakes today brother haha you might win the grand prize! 
big facts though !! staying strong here as well PeepoHeart
I almost didnt sleep last night Im glad I feel like I still have a chance at top 200
yeah gotta be careful. people constantly taking each others jobs
Morchize I cant it will take time away from here
man would 100 offer a better safety net
this will be great once it launches
wow just read the annoucements about getting wl through top 200. the lvls at which they are is crazy 
aye i see you put in a good word for me  
u guyz saw flur lurking in cave 1 dont know if he is real
true that. mac fries get soggy easily
probably but maybe u can only leave it for like 10 hours and then need to get in again
Way too valuable to risk a spot
oh jeez i almost dookied my pants. Never trust a fart after eating mcdonalds
Gus needs a green name and bad tbh kekw
uh oh its about to get real mainstream
fahui  yeah and if you get there better stay ys never know when snap shot will be yaken
factsss 10k by sunday most likely eyess
nah never had it are you from the Texas area?
if were not heading to the moon idk where were going lol
its def gonna have 10k real soon
i wish there was a pokecord here too
Honestly me too. Takes awhile but itll be worth
dang eth is in price discovery mode today
Bigger whales are slowly gonna start joining in go ham while you can
sounds stressful not sure if i can handle going for that   i guess ill hope that ill win some giveaway or get it by being helpful to other ppl.
Never haha I was actually kinda interested because i wanted to see the quality of the food
jq nah im from cali but i travel a little bit sometimes
A while is nothing ofr greatness
hahah ill see you guys at the top!
ETh on a whole nother level lol
me too never tried but really curious about the quality and taste haha   are you from DC?
Feels like it ahhaha been crazy
yeah i heard beast burgers were pretty great. shame that having to have it delivered and not eaten fresh probably lowers the quality
man bad time to be overinvested into jpegs lol
zackemc  marsfahui  yes helping people and  being positive get wl faster than grinding..lol
Oh hey what anime is your default picture from? I watch some anime but not too many  O
Im from cali but i travel a little bit Ive tried a lot of good spots but i need to hit more local spots ahaha
the real flur? joining this discord?
the amount of members bouta fly 
I dont think it will hurt the market that bad
yup shits about to get real! yeah hes here
sorry im not sure its a random anime pic i found
Now we can see the tally of total wl membersavailable wl
ive been discord grinding for months now im basically 88 years old
wowww the real one hahaha things gonna get wild
 maybe yh guess ill see how much time ill have to be an active. can imagine the requirements for being helpful being quite high since so many ppl are helpful
Oh its pretty cute oo hmm Ima try to find what anime it is
yes it was suggested by a community member love how devs always are improving
everyone make sure to keep watch of whitelistinfo and announcements !!
ikr you really have to stand out haha
its great to know that for the sake of curiosityyy
LOL brooo my portfolio is down bad
thats why I am so bullish on this project
Oh its delivery only? I never really looked into those just saw a lot of people reviewing the food
about to be down more into end of november lol
watching peaky blinders rn its so good
 oh well it do be like that. hope we both get that wl
lmao bro im taking big Ls at the moment  but you know what they say about unrealised losses
yeah tahts what ive seen from videos so far. most complaints just say that wouldve been bomb if they had it fresh
wow never been in cali! hopefully can visit!  heard food is great out there! would love some tacos and pizza out there haha 
Hold! Dont let them shake you out
i only watched season 1 haha. kinda slow for me the plot
congrats to the winners. were next
yes ser hopefully! see ya in the green
im chalking up my NFTs for a few months lmao. set it and forget it!
Lol all good man we gotta just HODL
are we gonna make it? YES WAGMI! did you see that new sneakpeek ? thatd answer all your concerns
i love peaky blinders minse096 You gotta continue!! it gets sooo good
Yeah its a bad vibe in my portfolio right now
Yeah i saw it! It looks so cool
What season are you on right now? I loved the show
yobatman the tacos and mexican food in cali are amazing here had birria tacos the other day 
Ehhh gas high market dead. Not sure 
oh man i am hungry now birria tacos always smack
stay strong bud! i believe dec is the time nfts shine
ah my portfolio lookin pretty decent rn
Hahaha thank you Ill get it eventually
animated versions are so much better than the static ones !
i kinda forget the plot haha I think watched season 1 last year lol
I think its a good time to get into blue chips 
sending luck ur way and to everyone else PeepoHeart
you got rid of your svs already or still sitting pretty?
I sure am glad I found this project! It is going to moon!!
For lower end people difficult as not many have sm spare. Ive got a couple though for when they pop again 
I just love gang related shows a lot. Have you watched Tokyo Revengers? Its an anime that came out a bit ago
absolutely once the NFT bull run resumed ppl will wish they bought in now
my nft portofolio is on fire right now lol lots of red.
Yo what this is mental. just turned green as i replied you. going to ape into pltr rn
Yeah I only have a couple as well
this is my fav one next to blue eyes white dragon
yea man!! watched all food blogs about cali!!!   hoping i can visit there once pandemic subsides brother! 
This awesomeness is sure getting to moon  soon 
Gonna be worth it though cant be wrong D
Yeah problems is most are illiquid. I wish I was entering  now
Lmao pltr  goodluck. We going to 40 soon
Love me some carne asada tortas too
nah i didnt watch tokyo revengers haha too many people talking about it and i usually didnt watch things that too hyped
Congrats on turning green. Thats awesome man
i think thats the best feeling right. getting green when you least expect it
Not paperhanding dont worry haha
patience is def the key PeepoHeart  LFGG WYVIESS cosmicwyvern
Amazing spots out here plus you should try some of the bakerys we have the pastries are amazing in socal
Show me the exact equation to mooning in nft please 
yeah i see that happening very low here
Yeah it happened to me on another discord once and I was very happy.
i usually dont watch hyped shows either but its definitely worth the watch. I read the manga and its amazing egg tart Its a show on netflix about the birmingham gang peaky blinders
I see maybe ill try too watch it while grinding haha
hahah now its time to make it happen here as well! do it once do it twice! 
where do you live? san diego has some bomb mexican food.
good lord i hope i get charizard wyvern
KyleWrap yeah this one fireKyleWrap  sneakpeek
do you have reco spots for bakery and pastry shops there?  
They see all. If you are good you will get it
Im actually up in the bay but always come down to visit family in SD and LA
wow is that the one in your pfp?
ha! that is what it looks like good call!
rage is more chill.....but its shouldnt be. lol
one day yeah things are gonna get easier
still gonna try go for that top 200 thats still okay riht lol
i dont reallhy watch netflix and dont watch any movies even marvel stuff but ill watch things if tis hyped oin platfforms like tiktok and twitter
yes i stole it for now from sneakpeek pray
I like your pfp doodles has some good art
Can I draw one monster in this chat?
what u do for leisure time if you are not really into watching movies?
i like the blue eyes one i think thats sick
definitely worth the watch if you do
I just want one doesnt matter what it is
yeah the eyes on the ice wyvern look sick
wow thats so sick. Hope I get green name soon
What would you guys be doing right now if it werent for this grind ? 
rage should be all caps only.. suggestions 
minse096 leisure time only exists for the retired.
Did you live your best life rn ?
i guess im a retired too then cause i leisure a lot
One spot i always like to hit is portos i get the guava  cream cheese pastries and the potato balls
true that I would be ticked pink with any Wyvern a 11 would be a bonus lol
taking some online classes hahah
man! sounds really delicious! would definitely hit that spot! 
After nfts Im pretty much retired
you and me both my friend ahhaha
yooo you got me wanting to do the same thing
Hahaha thanks man you too we getting green soon baby
rest is good just come back in the morning and get ur ranks back if thats what youre worried about
yea ive been working from home since march 2020 so have had a lot of discord and gaming time
Np glad i can recommend something! Where are you located at if you dont mind me asking?
The sneak peek is just straight up lit
Do you think majority are more or less than 25 yrs ?
i hope so too man. wish u all the luck
me too i been doing this all day
it says it in the message bro id solve world hunger with my fat stacks of cash
You cant retire on 50k we need 5 mill MINIMUM. Stay Dialed on the goal!
theyre so cool i want the white one
same cry havent had much time to game
It is 430 am here I am struggling
Hahaha well I dont live in SD so its like an event for me
yeo how long you been at this since i last saw ya lmao
It doesnt lol but ok thansk for answering
from asia boss!  philippines to be exact 
stay strong !!! goodluck to u and everyone else PeepoHeart
fair enough i understand the appeal
cant stop me man. you been just as active as me 
What are your guys thoughts on FB changing their name? Bullishh
Ayeee Im filipino too! I havent been out there though since I was a kid. My family is from a province like 40 mins from manila
Im sad stevewilldoit never told me about NFTs but freaking Gary V called me 2 nights ago and said if I dont start soon Ima be left in the dust... So here I am listening to the man...
Good night all see you in 2 hours lol
I still have no thought about it but ive seen a lot of people in the nft space not liking it
Yup its like a holiday for us from other places
did you buy that half billion dollar punk hahahaha
calm bouta go get a haircut soon
Going to socialise in the real world for a bit. I will miss you all. God speed
Youre leaving the REAL world for the outside world? Really man? .. 
just chilling at work. been a real slow day
Im making instant noodle right now. Hbu?
Where are yall at rn Im bored at the bank
I knew it!! Way to show Zuck that he is poor hahahaha!
zuck already has enough bad things about him man hes half salamander
MEtaverse index give it a look!
LOL nice im at my computer like most of us i imagine lol
Sounds chill I wanna go home so bad hahaha
yeah good now that my weekend is starting n i got off work 
staying home is overrated as i learned from quarantine
lmao yeah he is definitely not a human probably the strangest being I know of lmao
i work as an account manager in tech finished most of my audits this week so im just relaxing for the time being lol
What kind of music did you like ?
Well catch you around then dude! Take care!
im bullish on it lol i got into it last week
facts hes a bit of an interesting creature
oh wow!! nice to know that!!  how old are you now and you migrated already in US right? 
you doing anything this weekend?
I usually do mobile to be able to talk with you guys in the go lol
sometimes at work we would play who owns a dungeon Zuck def owns a dungeon
thats commitment at its finest haha
haha there is mentalhealth here. great
Im 20 and yeah haha i left really early though as a kid so I dont remember anything from PH really yobatman
i know i dont feel alone at all when i chat here
Bruh you have us were all friends here
how many times can you even play this game
going to go grab lunch see ya ladies and gents
chilling with the Wyvies and eating food
no need to feel alone when you got literally thousands of people to chat with
the game was designed to determine who was the most cringe and thusly who would most likely have a secret dungeon under their house hahahahahaha
That is the beauty of genuine organic communities everyone helping each other out and just chilling together.
Hell yea everyone just helping each other without question
Thank you so much that would help
facts thought everyone here is so supportivePeepoHeart
Man this community growing too fast cave 1 is moving too quick 
who else gotta be in there though MonkaHmm
How nice this world will be if everyone is like that
Henryy you still here dude? Since the last time I left you?  Or did you take a small break and come back to it?
Hopefully everyone is doing well
hows everyone doing so far today?
They just want to create polemic they are going to damage the NFT market thing
Haha i took a lunch break at work and now im back!! And answer is Ryu  Wojak Jack MaskByte green!
yes i think i saw flur join in too. which is bullish IF its actually him and not an impersonator
hhaha i see np brother! haha man! really good to know some filipinos out there and here grinding!  like that mindset brother! haha hopefully can visit Cali in the near future 
Do we know the details about how Mark intends to introduce NFTs to its audience?
ah i see what you did there HAHAHA congrats to whoever turns green 
Bro is it green Im gonna cry at the bank I have to wait a minute to send another message
whats up man! glad to see familiar face. how long you been on here today?
brother the whitelistinfo channel makes it seem like as soon as were in the top 200 on the leaderboard we can get whitelisted is that true or are you still doing the snapshot thing?
sry fam got tied up with some work. yeah theyre pretty cool. I just dont know what the utility is for holding them. haha.
dammit I had my slowmode enabled PepeHands
been here a few minutes I gotta go out soon tho
its quite hard to have a convo here
charizard vibes with the new sneak peak tho
yeah that delayed my answer by a moment hahahaha
i have decided to keep charizard as my pfp till mint day
is hard to reach the top200 mod should do it top 400500 at least
check out some of the other channels bro! sports pets food a lot of them are easy to chat in!!!
I suck at art so thank God everyone said the answer hahaha
Some cities and parts of the US have a lot of Filipinos hahaha in the bay area we have a lot of Filipino people so im always around the culture
I like to watch series more than movie meeting friends and playing sports!
word word im headed to work now so im just messaging while driving tbh lol
thanks for the encouragement PeepoHeart  we luv u guise party oii
ayo stay off your phone while driving
Gus congrats gus!! So happy for you man
will do ! just came in long way to go to be mixed with a yellow!!
i know theres a lot of messages
Yo my guy thats really not safe..  I know you want the green but we can chat when youre somewhere safe and chilling!
you know how to speak tagalog or not anymore? haha 
BRO I wanna type all caps tysm!!!
Glad to see you on here again but stay safe man while driving
im going to go whoop some ass in pickleball ill be back grinders
and the timer is a minute hahaha i guess its necessary because of the level system
I like action like prison break and squid games but also enjoy comedies like how i met ur mother
ayo multitask brotha!! haha i know its unsafe im driving w my knee tbh 
Muiz caleb haha i know appreciate the love
Yeah if the timer isnt a minute the amount of spammers well have in this chat is insane! And it would go even higher the more people join so.
lol join us in chill chat. main chat is almost always for memes and sweet nothings 
Thanks man youll get there soon I can feel it
im from the U.S. where are  u from ?
Cool xD its moon time there I guess??
Im chilling becoz still a lot of spot ! We def gonna make it 
I worked with Wyverns for 8 hours straight and I made it to the top 30
you deserve it my friend Gus . and thanks for the support my man
A preview of the Wyvern game in Alpha stage right now which you can find in roadmap. FULL utilities have yet to be announced too please get in while you can you wont regret it. 
naaaah i can understand a bit of it and know some of the very basic phrases   do you know more than two languages?
 yall are getting creative with these meme
wyverns are quite known for their commitment to the cause
did you guys speak another lenguage?
cant wait to see more of the game
i agree but hopefully once the leveling competition is over we would slow down and be able to talk properly
game is going to be sick tbh very eager
i speak many. which language do u wana talk in?
squid games! i like it too haha. Have you watched alice in borderland? quite similar survival theme
Slow mode on should make it decently readable
Whats everyone planning next???
i ben there many times i like it a lot
wow!! nice work brother that is crazy high!
Wow and you dont have a green name
hey syd how are you doing? did you even sleep
I honestly think you need to get used to this timer because the more people join its about to get even more hectic in here.  So best if we consider this as our normal talking speed! What you can do is in the 1 minute check out any other channels that pique your interest for example Anime or Crypto or Sports and then message there and then come back here and chat a bit and bounce around. Thatll help keep your attention and you can have more fun as well!
Bro I still cant believe it keep going everyone youll get there
its like diablo graphics!! i would love to play this game man!! 
i think a  was typing those message 
waaat!!!! how are u still not green?
wow crazy how long have u been grinding
I have been down to New Mexico but never been over into Mexico I would like to come see it sometime though!
was gonna go to cancun at some point
never been out of the US anyone else ?
haha nah just 2 haha hopefully can learn a 3rd language and be fluent to it but it will be hard haha i think spanish would be cool   since its close to our ancestors hahah
hahah my assumption is that its because people are tryna level hence the number of messages ive seen some servers with slower chats despite the size because there isnt a level competition.. but ah well i might just try the raffles
you do look good in green my brother
Why is my name still white X need some colour paint  here
Haha well deserved it man you always active in here haha
Whats everyone having for lunch
yup settle in for the long haul lol
theres a lot of beautiful places we have beaches forest jungles its such a beautiful place to visit
Right now its because of the level system sure! But imagine when we have 30000 people in here in a couple of daysweeks then we need the timer even if there isnt a challenge so we can consider this practice for that time as well!
Because this community is so interesting Im very interested in it
Aomine  Aron  I dont know but maybe Ill get it soon
PltrBagHolder  Ive been grinding for 2 days
love the dedication! hope u get green name soon 
keep at it man. you will get it soon. i feel it in my guts
no but i plan to heard its good which do you prefer
green coming soon everyone ! stay active lets all get it
anyone got any idea what food to eat today
Sad haha but im almost 999 sure you will get it
Ooh yeah spanish is a good one i took four years of it in highschool. A lot of the words are similar to words used in tagalog. Right now Im learning Japanese Ive been learning more about the literature like writing in hiragana katakana kanji etc.
watching TV smoking this medical trying to think of where I want to order a pizza from atm hahahahahaha
Hahaha thanks well all get there
Aomine youre next man I can feel it
Aron 0xCharlyOP zackemc AirWolf thanks everyone! Keep going
did someone know what is grind?
So really the dream routine right now! Hahah. Chilling pizza smoking all good. Nice.
thinking that rn actually mad hungry
might get pizza too then how do ya like your pizza
i love both but it got different flavor to it i think. Squid Game is more.. realistic and Alice in Borderland is more on the science fiction side
wow!! man thats really good! so you are into manga also right?  haha are you fluent in spanish now or not anymore? haha
chilling with the wyvies how u doing??
Gus ayee level 15 here too rank 67
Aomine  PltrBagHolder   Thank you I hope you do too 
Aron  Thank you I believe in it so do you. Keep it up
Doing good man. Chilling at work.
I tend to order pepperoni black olive and sausage pizzas but I think I am in the mood for an alfredo pizza today
i love sushi its a great idea for
I love how professional de mods are here
yeah i think they both have their quirks Squid Game is a more believable premise while Alice is a more indepth premise
Dear Fam I will bid goodnight and hope to be able to do better tomorrow. All the best everyone!
Much love for the team and staff 
probably all of them. Apparently theres massive interest in a role like that
Goodnight Pat dude! See you tomorrow!
yeah the mods are insane always online and working SO to them
enjoying my diner with you guys !
i know. they are all really good ppl
 Im still very new to learning Japanese but i have attempted to read in the original language. With spanish I was lucky to grow up in california and a lot of my friends speak spanish so i can hold conversations up to a certain point but Im not too good with literature hakekw
check announcements to avoid losing eth in a hack and educate yourself
looking on doordash rn actually cant tell what im in mood for
yeah squid game is something that can definitely happen in real life if some sicko super rich people decided to do it haha.
whos favourite color is green now that they are here lol
i usually get alfredo and chicken from papa johns
Brausoto whats your favorite sushi brother
morris ehhh both are kinda good
Green flags all over the place 
wyvern master is always on top of things I love it
i wouldnt be surprised if its something thats happened already
Have u guys tries sea urchin before
its hard to keep the convo here
think i can get that og role? missed it by a couple hundred in case yall removed some bots flushed
good night my friend. have a good one
yeah that sounds good I am going to have to order something lmao
erm you are whitelisted bro. why you still need og
yeah because its super secret so probably we wont know about it even if it do exist hahaha
help me take care vietnam channel
sea urchin texture looks weird so Ive never actually tried it. Im a spicy tuna kinda guy
Okie dokie! Bed is calling me and I cannot resist anymore hahahah. Mumsie off!
okeiii stay cozyy !!! rest up pat sleepingpepe
I dont even work all i do is grind at work haha
Doing well man just waking up first place had to go was here haha
man that will be really hard haha   icant even read japanese haha just relying to subtitles haha! but really enjoy watching anime and reading mangas!!   Man you have 2 languages now! would love to learn spanish haha that would really be awesome! 
Anybody else ready for the weekend
you got to teach me how to do this
finally made it to work safe yall we good hahah Syd Rogers caleb
Is there any difference between them ?
sometimes chip gets mad boring tho no?
Hahaha and you too a good day ahead or go sleep wherever you are and vegasm to you too!
Ryu  Wojak Jack MaskByte im wearing green shoes rn just because i love it so much!
Hyxder can I ask where are you from dude? Because your name seems familiar!
I had my first taco from tacobells but ppl tell me its not the same PeepoGiggle
give the OG role to me instead mannn hahahaha
U know in china there was a legend about dragon and till today they worship that
appreciate you man how are you?
yoo whats good tummy whatcha up to today my man
i love pastor tacos theyre bomb have you try it?
Congrats everyone for the recent green wish I could dedicate that much time here
arceus  Cosmic Wyverns  Aron  Yeahh Ive got the thanks everyone. I hope you all get WL soon too. Congratulations!
Good to hear man enjoy your day at work 
new security related announcements check it out guys
bro al pastor tacos are so bomb. especially the street ones
yeah but popeyes is way too heavy and also i can eat the same thing every day for a year lol
not much just saw my doctor. bout to head out to see slander in a couple hours
if everyone could check out my fanart  id appreciate it a lot!
alright yall need to chill with the food or we need a food channel
Thanks hope to get it not even 1 hour in here almost lvl 4
sometimes popeyes  chip tho no?
dm me with your proof for the art
girl tacobell isnt real tacos you must try mexican ones theyre on a different level
Congratulations dude! The green suit you.  Are you new to the space perhaps? Asking out of curiosity!
this message should put me at lvl 14 hopefully
you use this  3 times and start and finish with it...  lol 
im supposed to make some instant noodle but now im ended up with a soju in my hand instead.. i wonder how that happen..
nah man. we get tacos of taco bell only here. i dont think i have seen that inn the menu
also there are ode meats and toppings for chip popeyes only got chicken
Keep it up bro youll deserve what youve done.
Remind me of Kaijus but I missed Kaijus and these are cool af so Im in. Also this timer is making having a conversation difficult lol
But u can have both so why worry 
i know you like chili sauces? i love them with red sauce
Ya we gonna try our best to collect it
ive tried mexican tacos before as well from a food truck !
popeyes is like 80 batter. too unhealthy
lets say you ate chip for a whole week would popeyes not taste amazing the 8th day
Thanks for the transparency team announcements stay cautious with all the scammers out there guys!
agree with everything you said here lmao
Honestly who is in FL and can cook I need some fire recipes
protein is protein man i love chicken meat
If i stop chatting i will drop 200 places unfortunately haha
go get one for yourself bro.you deserve a break
word record some clips for us man im sure the rain would make slander 10x better
Its not too bad in here a lot easier imo to hold a convo than cave 1
not too bad honestly like i said just got to work and just chatting w yall
thats why i prefer chipotle !! PepeHappy
Scumbag I was talking to you yesterday! Congrats man you got green
i mean yeah if u eat chipotle everyday you gonna have diminishing returns. obviously youll want it less and less
you have to go to a mexican place
BRuhhh i got OG roleee haha thank you ser admin ser mod aeveryoneee thank youu
But still a lot of places open so i hope to get wl i think we are still early rn
thats where all the good tacos at
Hahaha thanks I might listen to you
I wish there was a good mexican near me but the closest is tack bell sadly
I also missed Kaijus! They are a great project actually. I dont know if Wyverns will be like them at release but I for sure am holding my Wyverns because I like the roadmap and every piece of content that weve seen yet.
U fw the smoked brisket from chipotle? Whats your order there usually? i need the sauce
we dont have many in india. but sure will keep that in mind to try one
congrats to u !!! and sending luck to everyone else PeepoHeart
no chipotle is so good that itll take 132.54 days for it to start its diminishing value clearly proving your statement to be false
caleb had their smoked brisket yesterday lmao
nah man just been having random headaches everyday. they come and go. just like how she did
caleb never tried the brisket. heard its mad good tho boutta try it
yea roadmap even better though roadmap
yomsssssssssssssssssssss for sure good luck to everyone !
Yeah I need to read into Wyverns a bit but hoping there will be a breedinghatching mechanism
I see you green as well! You deserve it 
dude theyre so sick tbh! we have crazy ass ones here that go like 7080 mph lol
I am sure that if not in the first phase but in future phases it should be possible something of the sort. The team looks good and I am sure it can be executed.
wow.... what did the doctor say tho
ooooh my bad i didnt know were you from here in mexico we have a lot of indian food places which dish you recommend me?
Smoked brisket is so good imo sucks that its for a limited time
heloo whats good ! is this general chat?
yes I just came to this space yesterday. But after finding this community very interesting I continued working on it.
Aron  I only slept a little yesterday but I have already dropped 30 ranks. As long as you work hard for it you will return to your rank very quickly. Even more
holy crap I had no idea they made them to go so fast that is badass
i dunno haha i think ive seen someone with the name steveo
Yeah Im optimistic. We shall see
said it might be migraines. he gave me a referral note for a neurologist. got an appointment tomorrow morning for that
i miss biking tbh i should buy a bike
yeah those are around like 5k but we have regular e bikes that are around 1200
Yoyo heard that this space is more chill
Lmao same i dropped 30 as i slept and woke up
Ik but Ive seen so much people disagree lol
second gen? theres like a genesis general chat ? hahaha
oof that sounds rough hopefully the neurologist got u tmr!
usually ppl like butter chicken and biryani away from india. so u may try them
Yeah i know will be a short night haha. But totally worth it for this project
Yooo these are sick af ever take one on the freeway? KEKW
Yikes. I broke mine on a trampoline lol
bruh im rank 467 do i keep going guys
No I mean how long youve been in the NFT space as a whole! 
good that they are aware of the hacks
nah meds are weak. i like to stay hard
I would love something like that just to run to the store on would be very enjoyable imo
if u personally find my shop yes i will give you one 
caleb personally no not yet but some of my buddies have
that is BIG YIKES atleast u recovered
of course! You are so early man and off to a good start
Maybe I worked 8 hours straight and now Im a bit tired. I have to sleep to stay healthy.
Yooooo you finally got it congrats you deserve it!!! 
YOO anyone got through the door for stringify and knows when mint is gonna be?
nah sleep is for the weak i havent slept in 6 months
for sure bro you gotta get some rest. health  nfts
yeah definitely convenient to have theyre only going to get more popular with time too
Wait youve been at it for 30 hours straight man?
Havent heard of that is that an NFT project?
not at all i had some metal inside my clavicle
Im working right now did you finish work already?
I stay off all meds too except what the dispo gives me lol
yeah look up twitter stringify nft
Ah is there a top model and like a budget model? and what would be the difference between them if there is?
If its real u need medical attention
hey everyone. finally have a break at work
this is so random but my friend told me she once had roach antennas underneath her chin and she thought it was her hair.
Noo i dropped 30 ranks when i went to sleep lmaoo. Thats apart of the grind tho
absolutely with how many zip scooters I see around this has to be the natural progression
what time is it right now in ur place ser?
its all good bro. you just gotta climb out the mud
doing great guys just got off work now im chillin
How are u doing whats your rank now
Oh I thought you said you dropped 30 hours! Hahah. Honestly 30 ranks isnt that serious considering in a server almost 6500!
we have different motorcycles  which vary between street tires  all terrain. some have different sprockets to make them more torquey
nah im planning to go at least another 2 years like this im running at max efficiency
ohh okay did you recover completly? or you still have some damage
Damn kennayy my nigerian brother! Hope to see you turn green soon
Yeah its hard but we are still very early i think
hope it comes out fresh my man!
i heard a bout stringifty but never got into it its some kind of puzzle type of nft right? like u need to solve something on the discord
Do you take any medications to help u sleep at night
someone tell me how tf wonky stonks is at 0.32
you havent slept for 6 months?i think you should go to the doctor
jq bolukukus   Thank you have a nice day
kennayyy  I finished my work I have to go to sleep to continue working tomorrow
in botcommands type !rank for this
Thats sick af roughly how much does one end up costing? Kinda interested in getting one
everyone who got whitelisted is now apart of the green machines lol name just sounds epic
bolukukus they are just rirdddles to solve so u get in whitelist
yeahh but  sometimes i just forget it
nah im the poster boy for human health
Cool thanks do we need to be a certain rank to get on the wl?
with this NFT space im on that 2 hour sleep schedule
Wish im part of the green gang soon
Im determined bro lets do this and build this to 200k members
Oooh cave2 is much less spammy hahaha hiii
Wassup henry hows your anime club doing? 
Gator69 go to botcommands and type !rank
Liam Grayz you work on saturdays?
There is no fixed requirement yet dude! Check the whitelist info channel for more details!
welcome to the sleep deprived lads
You can check the whitelistinfo  on the left
yeahh we are having good convos here rigth friends?
What music yall got for me today
i feel the determination ! we just got to keep being our self and hope we get picked or win one of the giveaways
Oh ok cool I did read that I just wasnt sure what it meant hahaha. Thanks buddy
2770 spots left so i think we are still very early
Thats how you get whitelisted hahaha
damn son i got a good nights rest
Yea sirrrr the slowmode makes it hard to talk sometimes but its needed lol
yeah we are early and im glad af
im happy eth taking off. always good to have a nice balance of nfts and liquidity
I could spare some of my eth for one 656884642649079839 656884642649079839
how to get whitelist role? we just chat to rank 200 right? I was early but too late and starting to get active now haha
Thats the attitude im going to carey forward and even qhen i get wl work doesnt end there. For this project to be successful qe have to hodl and market
yeah in cave 1 i cant make a conversation
go check whitelistinfo its on the left underneath the welcomeinfo section
Wish i knew about this project earlier haha some people already in here for 2 days
yea man. u think it will be around 10k by the end of year?
really? would like to know which ones are better
What are your first memories of the concept of a Wyverns? World of Warcraft for me or actually Warcraft 3
woke up to still being in top 200
boadi your everywhere today lol a true grinder
participate and be active in the community. Glad you are active now tho  I hope you get a spot
oooh very interesting i might dm you about it later on if thats cool with u?
cant sleep in this space haha! just kiddnig only sometime
Better late than never. And this is the project to have diamond hands. For the long run bro. Lets make 200k possible before launch
You know it lmao. Only staying active in worthwhile projects tho
ofc. got that 7 hours baby. and i wasnt even in the mud when i woke up
remember that this is not a grind. just be active and engage in this community
TheWalrus057 idk man youre a walrus idk if u even sleep
yup top 200 gets whitelist and they also do giveaway for whitelist spot as well
me askin the same question rn AAHAAHA
Wow thats awesome! So do you get wl for that?
i havent got covid never have you guys?
thank you for the answer! good vibe only here a lot of people actually answers me in this project   fluxray Syd Rogers yomsssssssssssssssssssss YuhboiJC
Luckily its weekend so i can grind for top 200
y u telling that poor guy that hes never active. lol
im just in a good mood because gas is finally below 200 gwei for the first time in like 4 days
Yes i know what i will do this week end
hows everyone doing today bouta go get some food 
i think 67k by eoy but 10k ez next year
yyeah i like a booming ETH but man is it ever putting a damper on NFT market.
just finished season 2 of peaky blinders that was insane
Whats up kraken!! What you getting to eat homie
Gas is going up and down thats part of the new norm now. It will stay uigh at this rate
im doing great today! enjoy ur food !
This community is great so many wonderful and helpful people here
Nice dude!  How many hours did you stay up before sleeping chatting in the server?
no youre right. You leave for 1 hr and you miss a lot lol
just got up for work! hahaahha doing work while interacting with peeps arounf here loool cuz this iz worth it and im having fun hahaha
I have football tmrw morning so cant be awake for too long unfortunately
nice bro. i dogged 9 sticks from mr qs last night damn i been eating good recently
giveaways! i think i will hit the giveaways hahaha i love giveaways. How to?
Lol I swear i have the worst sleep schedule now bro!
itll stay high while people are buying and swapping meme coins
damnnnn nah he tellin the poor man he not actice
gonna order some sushi! been craving some salmon and tuna for the longest!
anyone else loving the new sneak peek 
yeah same glad we thinking the same ones are worthwhile
gn all! have a good time grinding
Dude i love sushi!! So jealous of you bro haha hope you enjoy man
Gas has killed the nft world recently
Meme and alt coins do well when big crypto doing well. Really wanna see how nft plays out in time  though
glad ur having ur fun! hope work goes well
Yep just goes to show that great minds think alike haha
Sushi sounds so good right about now.
Haha thanks after football non stop grind
ranking is still going well. yeah top 200 most active get wl role
yeah bro that new sneakpeek is legit I love the volcanoes in the background
nah the altcoin craze is finally dying down a little bit because of shib
oh my 9?! youre an animal! but like you said its bulking season my fren eat up
thank you ser! wow this community man hahaha really. I was in other discord and no one answers they are busy grinding for themselves. this community really good fast to answer
yeah hoping theres a few more animated ones coming out
My goal is to get up there in the 100s with you!!
yeah brother. i had a crazy workout yesterday gotta feed those games
wassup tyler. back at it? or you never left
exact same dude just listening to music and enjoying the community vibes. where u from?
this shib and alot of shit coins built off eth network so affects gas
Cant believe shib actually make it all th me way. The world we are in right now. Good thing we are still considered early in nfts
When you grind together you reach your potential tho and can achieve great things
just had some sushi ! for sure go order some enjoy ur meal drool
Wassup dude!! Good to see you too sir
egg tart you should treat yourself on this fine friday
Or i need to get whitelist this evening but soo many people here chances so low
thanks man! sushi is top tier i wanna go to japan and try their freshest sushi!
true that tbh I didnt think wed get to see an animated one so soon very bullish imo!
yeah im liking this place already more family kind of vibe than other discord
yea dude the ending hit different
ah damn. No problem! Chat gets pretty hectic so its hard to see every message but i do my best to answer whatever i see
yeah thats why im saying gas will be high while theyre active
You will get there soon probably
yeah theyve already got animated ones and its only a few days after the discord released
that fresh sushi be hitting different.
And have a great community and be part of sth bigger
alright boys im on my pc now was texting over mobile the whole time kek
We gotta figure out a better solution than ETH ..
Theres plenty other ways to get a chance you got this
IGOTKIDS I SANTA BEARX UK bro London.
just started again. grinded hard enough to stay at the top
so fast and the quality does not look rushed either!
Yeee Im about to eat out today too
tummysalumi gains season baby lets get those 6 pack ready by next summer 
yomsssssssssssssssssssss thanks brotha ill enjoy for u 
Doing great on this fine friday  Hows your day mate
u are good at it ser! hope u got whitelisted for it because u really  help me
heello peopleeee keep up and be strong
I love it when we grow together 
Need to get lvl 5 quickly only 1 hour in this server
awesome! were just hanging out with each other on a friday
IM from USA too what state you from?
next summer? nah bro i already got the six pack on deck
im doing great chilling with the wyvies denks for asking!
wow its like 12 hour difference with where im at!
grind means being active without taking a break or wanting something so bad that you want to work hard to get it
staying active within the community and helping each other out!
stey strong !!! LFGGG WYVIESS PeepoHeart
i used to play man. i play fifa21 these days
fosho. you know wassup egg tart.
PA here. I have drove through your state a few times
we need to be atleast level 2 for giveaways rightttt??
Hahaha well that probably wasnt the easiest chatting was it?
ohh thanks everyone im not english native so i dont know some words
About to go to a steak place for dinner. Celebrating my anniversary with my girl today 
bro i took like 3 mins typing each response if i was having a full convo aPESLmfao  how have you been today though man? we havent talked before
Nice! We have all of the nations central highways passing right near here we get folks from all over
I played Fifa 20 but got angry all the time haha
HAVE FUN!!! steak sounds nice and HAPPY ANNIVERSARRY ! PeepoHeart
Haha yep!! Do you live in the states?
Vibes  currently at work just ordered hibachi
Im doing great dude! I joined the server just today as well just a few hours ago really and having good fun chilling here. How did you find out about this project man?
i used to hit my keyboard sometimes when i played league 
Thank you im more excited of the soft shelled crab haha
damn  those portuguese egg tarts are supposed to be good
Yes I live in new york state not city
rubbish. same game every year and im SICK of it
Welp catch yall on the flip time to get some exp with my barber
my cat is not pleased with me not petting him lol
fifa is really great you can do a lot of things on the game
Happy aniversary hope you guys have a great time
I am in PA so not to far from you
Good fam at work just ordered some food.
Players doing something whole different than what you want to do in weekend league haha
oooo jjust went there 2 months ago to NJ
is the state expensive like nyc
what rank we got be to whitelist
I love NJ and NY wanna go back soon
 Farinasaur def has its ups n downs
1200! and the snap shot is taken randomly without anyone knowingf
Top 200 active people or you could just get handpicked from a mod
I like this chat more than the cave 1 chat
went to check ot American Dream Mall
we all making it happen in cave 2
im sure we have time just keep interacting with the fam and it should be good
oh sweet yeah ive been there before im liek 30 min from it actually haha
hey  peeps in cave 2 how r u guys doing?
i know snap shot could have been taken by now lol we wouldnt know
ooo dats nicee! I wish Hmart opened there when I was there I wonder if its opened yet PepeHappy
I really hope it hasnt im almost at 200 and I was below it before
no not nearly. We have high taxes all over and were probably more expensive than most other states but NYC is its own separate animal and everything there is far more expensive than you would pay for it in other parts of the state
hello guys how yall doin today?
petting him has mildly satisfied him for now lolol
honestly not quite sure tbh been there only once
im sure theyd tell us when it was taken but i guess they could encourage activity by not telling us although i think thats a bit disingenuous
great man just chilling w the community
any lore about the cosmic wyverns any ideas anyone 
If you get whitelist here you dont have to pay 3 eth on secondary market
Sure you are not alone in this case
Same here bro! I have had some good conversations in here today!
eventually they will tell us but that could be any time!
its going to happen for you bro visualize the win! I can see your name in green in my mind rn!
ahh i see i would like to visit american dream mall again so spacious
indeed it could thats why im maintaining my spot
have faith man well get it too. We gotta keep going and stay positive
same  a lot of helpful ppl in here
absolutely massive for no reason haha its insane
we also got trivia quiz here??? things just got more interesting
i was ranked 27 earlier! woke up to 157 
Sol is good !! But just no good quality projects on it lately
scary for sure.. how long did u grind
i seen people carrying snowboards
Remember stay active and help others within the community and answer questions! You will be green in no time!
Damn this community is grinding whole day haha. You cant take a break
so far doing really just doing some work hbu?
yes yes there is a ski slope inside ! have you ever been snowboarding ?
Yeah weve been working hard here X
guyz posted some memes in memes
No set date atm! Just know they are watching everyone and choosing people !
no i rlly wanna try snowboarding one day tho
alright just got back home. lets have some fun wyverns
Unfortunately only 1 hour and 20 minutes in this server. If i knew earlier about this project i would be a higher level
Oh hell yea bro!!! If I can get one of these ill be doing the same with it too
everyone here is so kind i like this place
you def should at least try ! tons of fun but very hard
Bro honestly were all still very early! So be at ease and just chill and have fun here.
dont worry mate there are still chances I believe dont give up yet
I would love to see an indoor ski resort I have to go to the mountains if I want to do any skiing lol
its great! you should try having conversations with others lots of interesting people in here
ohhh definitely  kaiju 2.0 with only WL people
Yeah still 2700 spots left so i think i still have a high chance
I agree 100 with you on that one man.. This maybe even better
yes I hate NYC but Im actually going there tomorrow to visit my wifes sister
ggwp ive been grinding since 27th around noon CST lol. clocked in some good hours into this chat. level 14 almost
nice bro i hope you have a good weekend
ayo youre eating some good good food can I get some of those? haha
the mountains are by far much better honestly real powder over anything
We all have a high chance! For everyone who are active in this server were all going to easily get it!  So be relax man and just chill.
good to hear skiing is legit my favorite sport I wish I lived in the rockies lol
yo tummysalumi can you drive me to queens
Im about to head back down for thanksgiving i cant wait to go back
Yeah but this community is so active this is something else ahaha
i gotta be glued to my computer here
yea this community is awesome i enjoy my time in here
A monumental figure to this world
Im fine with visiting NYC for a day or two but I would absolutely loathe living there
same it has been what I have wanted to do since the pandy began I think this year I am going regardless I had a buddy who went this year and said the lines were nonexistent
i went during covid and it was awesome not many people on mountains
Hahah active genuine community is one of the best signs.
i see! need to be here then haha dont want to miss it
i thought u wasnt coming to slander boi
im heading to bed guys! getting too late here haha! GN!
boy if this chick selling 25 tickets of course im comin wtf
Yeah floor of this project will be so high
see that sounds pretty awesome it sounds bad but the fewer the better on the mountain lol
yep lol we all trynna secure the spot. though the ones getting WLd now within the top 200 will drop slowly as theres less incentive to grind. so it should in theory get easier but your also fighting with new people too
thats awesome bro keep doing it like that
We need to get that wl spot for this one!! Im rooting for you bro 
Hey man nice punk! Is it yours?
as people get wl in the top 200 the snapshot might end up bringing people below the top 200 in as well though
Hahah dont think about the floor honestly! Think about the true genuine path of the project and the future and the advantages you can gain from holding it! Diamond handing it! Because a great project will always rise in value and if anyone sells early theyll regret it for sure. So hold!
minse! u still up hahah! gn! i just woke up so might as well get some conversation going here 
SunnyDoonji with the pace right now i feel like we will get to 10k15k in one week from now lol maybe less
i told someone earlier i was catching up on school work earlier but ive been chatting for an hr lol
doing good man. plan to make my own noodles from scratch this weekend for pasta so kinda excited to grab my ingredients tomorrow
Yeah this will be a blue chip for suree
thanks man  we are gonna make it 
oooh nothing beats homemade pasta fr
lmaooo time rlly flies by quick chatting here its like 9 hrs so farfor me
bro i dont care if its not floor if i got a girl goin with me
we need rank 200 im lik 800 wtf
agreed I think this server is going to explode soon
Wow thats mad. No rest for the wicked wh? Where are you ranked now ??
If i get one it will be in Diamond hands
gotta keep going my guy this kind of thing doesnt usually come easy
yeah potentially! although its hard to get above a certain discord count that doesnt have a invite contest   people come in and see they are late and lose interest immediately. they are onto the next drop. which is good IMO cause the demand rn is totally there
anyone interested in ufc and watching fights this weekend ?
At the end of the day regardless the aim is to build this a long lasting healthy community. No point for building for the hype only
Yea man we got plenty of time we got this!!!
i love noodles share the recipe 
man what the hell what about us
no I grew up about 90 miles north of NYC
haha yeah but since we still at 2303000 whitelist i think that too will attract more people. I think there will be more competition other than top 200? well find out soon i guess
i know you would leave the boys for a girl too stop the cap
Yeah already a lot of people without invite contest
What does this fancy role mean man? 
it means that they r OG role they arrive here early
man at 5am last night we were at 5k members now were at 6100insanity
Love the SVS bro! Did you get a bat as well?
idk dude doesnt really look like you are interacting with people and you keep blurting out random things. sorry if im wrong though!
I am so happy there is no invite contest with a low mint count its unnecessary and brings paperhands to the project imo
gonna be my first time making it hope it turns out good lmao. wanna try making gnocci next too
I grew up in the city so all of my friends are there
Nicee goodluck for last minutes
biggly facts though growing by every second as we are typing rn eyess
there will be lots of opportunities. art contests meme contests quizzes. best bet is to just talk in chat though! and watch the numbers rise
So there are two OG roles one orange and one cyan. Whats the difference between them?
i live in India  ive been there  wanna give it another visit soon
i love the genuine growth as well 
jq  best if luck dude ! hood it turns out well
One is whitelist other one seems different
Awesome man!! I would love to come see it over there someday!
Yep! Maybe check out some of the other channels you can really have genuine conversations with others and its no where near as fast as the cave channels.
just got off actually! about to order some food
Hahaha yes ofcourse but like what is the reason behind having two different OG roles that is what was curious!
One was for the first who joined the server the other idk
understandable then. I have my sister in law there and thats about it.
yeah the organic growth is awesome
Oh man order me some too please.....
oh its better than before but still there is ome  but people have started  doing their normal things
Gator69 yeah youll like the food over here
sounds really good right now tbh. you mightve just convinced me
oke thanks dude i will ! here messages are flying
Too haha but will be a short night tonight
thats what i like to hear boss. go treat yourself you deserve it
Oh I bet man!! I love trying new foods too
practice makes perfect man for real keep it up
Proofnor it didnt happen hahaha
Do Wyverns like flaming hot cheeto?
no they like flaming hot dorito
ive seen you somewhere in a discord  i live in delhi
Gator69 idk but i kinda figured idk how
already am. dogging this cheon fun right now. really been letting myself go the past couple days. this what happens when u eat oatmealeggs every day for months straight
yess! im waiting for the trivia quiz and giveaway hehe
what time is there? here is 224pm
that charizard one definitely does
eyy! good stuff! what are you getting
Dude indian food is so freaking delicious
bro i love chicken makanhwala so much
Really ?......I am from Mumbai. Where do u think we met? Which server I mean
Have fun corm the food there is bomb.
imagine a whole wyverns meet up
was thinking mexican but now im having to decide between sushi also
have you tried flaming hot cheetos with cheese?
oh youre in smurfs . im in that vc rn... ahah so many people in there are from mumbai
that would be interesting rooAwwClap
i love indian food havent had it in a minute maybe ill get some for lunch now. some butter chicken sounds sooo good rn
Corms gonna be meat man again for a few hours haha
ey sushi seems to be a great treat on a friday
I am into a bunch of different servers so you probably have seen me.. I have to say this is the most excited I have been about anything since i was trying to get onto the wl for JF
Oh yea. I am there. But not that active.
its legit my favorite kind of foreign food anything from a tandoor oven is delicious
maybe we could make something happen 
yomsssssssssssssssssssss egg tart
No hahah small village in the east
you goin? so many people going ive never been to NYC
bro i swear indian food is on another level. so slept on
its pretty  chill we just vibe in here. you could try and join us 
Gator69  sadly i didnt get in jF coz i just didnt pay much attention to it that moment 
its true it doesnt get the love it deserves
nah i live in the UK would love to go though
I had a feeling it was going to be big but i think this is going to be even bigger!!
Whos gridning for the next few days 
Lets try and invite all our friends and family
nahhhh.. Im from US but I like Indian food
meee. Im canceling all my plans to grind lol
man those takis will set my ass on fire lmao
look up either chicken tikka masala butter chicken and garlic naan. anything biryani is good too
everyone  this is a great project to be apart of
yeah its very famous and delicious
I am from us too what state you in?
yeah man its could really be a blue chip no kizzzy
ooo ya i like that hint of lime flavor
yo. i love indian food. chicken tikka masala with chana masala is the bomb. i also love their chili chicken that is def the best
great recommendations chickpea curry be hitting too
you should try it man! i swear its amazing. they have such flavorful dishes
Oh yea dude I believe so too. Man i hope we can get that top 200 activity spot!!!
Doing great man tryna get that green name like everyone haha
i will screenshot all the names hahaha
Dont only focus on top 200 just talk and be nice. Mods will notice
  this projects potential is amazing
i am. youll see the same faces over and over again
im hip bro its all good appreciate the lookout
never had chana masala but will give that a try. also never tried chili chicken so also giving that a try.. im ordering indian food tonight lmao
caleb chickpea curry is also pretty bonkers. i love meat but that stuff bangs out with flavor i dont even need the meat
ya bro go for it. the chili chicken is so damn good. you should try out paneer tikka masala too. paneer is their cottage cheese
i already have that top 200 activity spot ....  i have grinded like 16hours i think. im rank 130 right now
I am on the other side of the country PA
Hey everyone! Back with the best fam
nice i lived in Philly for 6 months as an infant and thats all the PA experience i have
Nah dont worry about rank man! Just have GENUINE conversations with people and mods will notice that. 100
Solana seems tk be driven by nft sales to a greater extent than eh
chana masala is just chick peas with the sauce. youve never had chickpeas? they so damn good. should try out aloo rajma too. thats potatoes
Welcome back homie how are things going today
havent really dove into any solana projects
Oh man that is awesome. What do you have to do now? Just hold that spot until they take a screenshot or something?
CONGRATULLATIONSSS on the WL!!! right after ur twin HENRY got it too earlier before PeepoHeart
yeah i am  the market is pretty down rn i thouhgt of buying a solpunk and holding it im not sure anymore
about to reach level 8! Slowly but surely man
when you are genuine everything come behind it
what wallet do u use for SOL nfts?
sol projects are popping off need to get in those
HENRYYY yooooo good job on green my mannn. i heard the other henry got it today too. good stuff to you two. well deserved.
thank you!! I know right i was so happy for him and now i get to join him. Ill see you soon over here as well 
I have been to philly a few times I live by pitt. I never been to cali but man I would love to one day
I use phantom too best I have found so far
APDaytrader  phantom...are there others?? im dumb hahah
sending out love and a prayer to all yall who are going through difficultchallenging times remember that this too shall pass. May you find your way to freedom prosperity and peace. Dont forget to be kind to yourself learn the lessons and empower yourself.  Beating yourself down doesnt serve you or anyone around you. Take a moment and put your hand on your heart and tell yourself that you are doing your best and you are enough. really feel the words in this message  Virtual Hugs  stay blessed because you already are. WAGMI
Take care biggest part of SOL projects in past 2 weeks fumbledfailed and now are under mint.
I have stayed away from sol completely. Still dont have enough confidence on sol yet
no phantom seems to be the common one. i just havent stepped in to SOL nfts so was curious
i use phantom. Very easy to use
Looks like everything on sol bricks super weird
phantom is good. its actually better than MM imo
solanart magic eden digitaleyez
most of them are copy paste from eth
thanks man hope you make it too
Aomine sol was popping like 23 weeks ago any nft was able to reach like floor above mint
SOL transaction fees are cheap for sure but you must take care with failed transactions because you will pay that fee every time you try to complete a tx
so far so good just finished doing some work hbu?
a lot of rug in sol nft so pls be careful
I havent heard of any good sol proyect in these days tho
grubbing down on a sandwich watching the new Walker w wifey and its meh lol
Oh yeah Ive had chickpeas! Think thats the same thing as the Chickpea Curry right? Im more used to having my chickpeas in form of Hummus though lmao. Taking notes about aloo Rajma and chili chicken as well
I dont like their market place at all. Maybe coinbase will change that
Not a copy paste but arent well detailed roadmaps arent good. Its very clear that people are there for the easy money  flip only. Today I lost 2 SOLs in a project I trusted and it even went OOS.
Cave 2 always thriving I love it
Phantom is awesome works well with my SOL Sniper i made
Nice keep it up damp 1 min thing seem abit annoying 
for sure!!! sending luck to everyone here PeepoHeart
Lol I wish I could help ya out there lol
yeah there was also some sol squid which rug pulled
Hahaha try to enjoy it! And if not youre here with this amazing community
Are we getting thru and out of the caves soon ?
yeah sol project are so risky rn lol everything bricks so quick
agreed but i think SOL is the best alternative to ETH better thann AVAX and ADA
Ofc but still some nice protects on sol
its funny but I get more actual conversation in here not sure why the difference lol
ah i din know that. thanks for the tip!
Eth is just overpowered atm. Which can be good as well
1 min slow is good imo because its less chaotic haha
Meerkats and Cyber Frogs were a good example I made a bag with those.
whats the difference between cave 1 and 2?  
Glad to see you green bro! Told you we were gonna make it
its like hidden in plain sight most spammers and such get distracted by the first cave
no difference just lots of people
Man you are still here. You are crazy
Dont have difference just to split a bit
yup. chana masala is just chickpea curry i believe. i know a lot of this because i actually work at an indian restaurant lol
Im doing really great just finished doing some work 
Yoooo you made it! I knew we would both thrive together 
Yeah but i love cave 2 a little bit more haha
yo! nice level up green looks good on ya 
since crypto is popping nfts are dropping
Aomine it would definitely bring some big changes
Farinasaur  i minted meerkat but flipped for 7 sol i was still early in the space missed like 33 more sol but we move
maybe a little high. 500700 range would be good
o wow you made it Gus congrats man
yea thats right to cater the influx of members 
samesies i been in cave 2 for most of the time
when I find a campsite I never pick the one right up at the entrance you have to get in the back to cave 2
Love that there are multiple caves
I believe in the code and the statement as well as the creators of SOL the next best id say is Polygon
Yeah true In a way but the conversation isnt continuous because we have to wait for the answers 
I meant on trying to figure out what you had to do to turn green haha. Was just joking around
Same man. Less messages much better
Hahaha I see what you did there
love all the caves sometimes this one is just more chill
haha that would be cool marketing that cave 2 is better chill spot that cave 1 
hahaha  i think the pink just blends in here somehow xD
its alright haha because without slowmode we cant find our conversations haha
Facts guys im just playing ya dig
cant comment on it never heard of it before but ill check it out!
this is the first day of the rest of your Wyvern lives lets make it count and keep this community growing not by jut numbers but by diversity and a common love for the Wyvern lifestyle! We are family!
I love the concept but wonder about what happens when eth 2 launches
Love it! Youre all family forever
ill prob be pretty obsolete its more like a temporary solution until eth2.0 launches
we dont know when it will launch
It really is lol. I went over there for a few and couldnt get a good convo going so came back in here to stay lol
IMX is pretty neat. no gas fees. but the UI still need alot of improvement
I dont like the 1 min cooldown but its understandable
All of yall gonna become my family haha
Thats a good positive looking doodle
welcome back to cave 2 ! PeepoHeart
yea man! haha chats too crazy in cave1 hahah
lmao true that if history is any guide the timeframe w get pushed back again
Oh damn makes more sense now lol. Do you ever get sick of the food?
Be safe and wear your mask yall
we all gona be real family in nov!
ofc. i get sick of anything i eat too much of. always gotta mix it up and have variety
already 6.5k one hour age we were 6k !
We dont have to wear a mask here
have patience bro we will reach there
Sheesh 10k by end of the weekend
can vibe and breath at the same time
yeah the growth is insane cant believe it
Way true thats why I cant stick to diets that much lmao
Not much just chilling with the fam here and you
and its all organic. thats the best part about it
legit no crappy 10 invite whitelist contests or the like just pure engagement
usually when i diet I keep calorie count in a deficit if im cutting and making sure i just eat generally healthy food
im good too been chilling here with the Wyvies ! PESHeart
Just be active and you will get it for sure
grind doesnt matter genuine convos matter
green FTW praying to see it pop up soon
We are part of something special here my man 
goodluck to u and sending my luck to everyone else in here PeepoHeart
I put in a few hours last night and about another 4 or so today so far in till the wheels fall off
Yea it is a huge reward once you finally get that wl spot!!
ayy sweet im trying to start chilling in here more when i can between work all day
Itll feel so good to get that white list no capppp
Yeah I feel you calorie counting really is the most consistent and efficient way to go. Not one focused diet beats it from what Ive experienced. But yeah Im just a foodie at heart cant help it at times lmao
Ayee rank 141 how is everyone doing!
Heck yea it will!!! Ill be shaking if i turn green lol
Listening to your body and your body will inform you how to eat weve forgotten how to listen
same i really enjoy snacking alot and i just cant handle weighing every single oz. of my food
agreed I try to just focus on conversation and it stays fun. Just cant force anything
Everyone make sure to follow the Twitter page officiallinks
Id piss my pants if i go green 
good stuff bro you straight chillin
congratss on being top 200 !!! our inspiration PeepoHeart
Yeah I think estimating calories takes skill too and a lot of getting used to. I think Im fine though Im not too unhealthy in any way so diet is more of a personal thing for me.
LMAO me too!! We will get eventually you just have to stay positive and keep chatting
Just woke up and now need to grind lol
Pal thats  A solid rank. Bring me with you
Discord life is an honest day at work 
177 for me been a good day party
Yessir hella people join today. Were almost at 7k
ahaha moderation is everything as long as its under the calorie count your good shrug  I chose to do intermittent fasting along side a calorie deficit and lost like 20lbs in 3 months. plus with intermittent fasting i ate less meals a day so 12 decent size meals were good for me
we getting to 10k by end of the weekend
I feel the great vibes coming from yall
ya i bought a food scale and i used it for one day and then i nvr used it again it takes efforttt
Yeah make it hard to get WL now sigh
Easily its looking that way kennayyy Im at 230 wait for me
this whole server is good vibes its great
nah man you just gotta put in the work. hard work is easy work
Im Rank 370  its hard to balance work and chatting on discord
It really is hahaha! My wife thinks I am playing on the computer when I do this but she will be happy when she sees how much they are worth  when im holding one lol
makes complete sense do the best you can!
Maybe even more without an invite contest Insane
yea but u just gotta stay consistent with it
its hard to do anything but type in an activity comp lol
what are some hobbies you guys have
Do it for the community! And its not all about the levels just be in here for the community
Oh never tried intermittent fasting but its been suggested to me quite a few times many do say its really effective in controlling food intake
Bro Ikr. Were blowing up way too quick. Gonna be hard to get whitelisted now so we gotta grind nonstop
for sure! multitasking is hard! but u got this!!! sending luck ur way PeepoHeart
yeah dont let her stop you brotha !
Yea it sure is! I have a couple kids too lol
hahah u generally get it from this carzy community
o nice i enjoy swimming too! havent done it in a whlie tho
Still like 2700 spots open. If youre active you will get whitelist
yoo robby ill see you soon too homie
randomcbosh Angelmisa  what games do you guys like?
 its funny when people ask what you do for a living
I love shooting guns and snow skiing though shooting has become an expensive hobby lately lol
I hope so Ive been grinding for 2 hrs 
Oh yea man! She knows I wont be coming to bed tonight lol
Same goodluck. I hope we both get whitelisted
yep no need to worry just continue chatting it up with the community  wow still like a two level lead between r1 and 2
i should change my name to Luck
whats the best way to get whitelisted
I guess work is always good right lol
Yeah I used to use an app for it! Just looked up the food for the macros and it just counted for me. Wasnt for me though Im too much of a freebird when it comes to food
no worries some of us been grinding for more than 2 hours  i hope u get that WL though ! sending lucks ur way PeepoHeart
Dude I love shooting guns too where are you from?
2 hours? dangg ! keep it up homie
Most onlinevideo games haha too many to spell
Yeah just keep chatting. Dont focus too much on reaching top 200
Be active helpful genuine and have engaging conversations with the community. The  is always watching brother.
Check announcements its going to be giveaways and just be active and supportive for the community and mods will Notice
weyes   Aron  only check like max 2 times a day no need to constantly be checking
check whitelistinfo its on the left side and underneath the WELCOME  INFO SECTION
yeah apex is good ive gone off it a bit recently but the new season coming out looks super cool. we should play some time for sure
Angelmisa  games like valorant etc?
Nice! I live in Oklahoma how about you?
be active and contribute to the community. Admins are always watching and they might give you WL when they notice you are adding value to the community
How long has everyone been in here chatting??
few days homie depends on their rank
Ive been here for a little while I work from home so I jump around talking to ppl
omg sure id love to. im enjoying it bc im relatively new. I was on holida when my friend got me into iy. Im down to play. Are u on pc if not its cool bc i believe theres crossplay
ive clocked in at least 24 hours lol
I see thanks guys!  happy to be here
Now that you say that I think we may have already talked in here earlier lol. I live in PA
Good to have you part of the family
yeah im on pc man im fairly new as well so it would be a great experience for the both of us just hit me up some time  u play any other games?
Yea rpg tactic mmo  only lacking time for it 
Oh yeah hahahaha absolutely! We are lucky in this state there are almost zero restrictions we actually got constitutional carry this year one of the few things our governor has done right hahahahaha
r6. im v good at it i love it. you should defo get but its dying down slowly. Still love playing might go on rn!
today is for sure a great day with the Wyvies PESHeart
Ayee scumbag congrats on your wl!
whats your favorite cods? no specific order but MW2BO3BO2 are my top 3
Oh nice!! So you guys can carry without a CC permit? WV does that too I know.
The crypto space has been taking up my time its tough but I have a real interest in it
Asham Nice man that game is massive but ive never managed to pick it up. I dont love those sort of tactical shooter games i bet it requires hella patience. ill be down though after a few games of apex  where abouts are you from man?
No specific but CoD4 MW2 BO2. Most hrs put in probs MW3 however aha or BO3
goodluck on the next giveaways guys !
whats benefit for being server booster ?
I only have BO3 in my top because its more of a memorable game that i played with the homies but other than that i would probably put WAW over it
cave is good brother. nice breeze in here
just a nice thing to do innit might be some more benefits later
yep we can carry concealed or in the open w no license now its crazy and you would think people would be wearing them everywhere in the open but not much has changed lol. Everyone was already carrying them I think hahahaha
yeah BO3 multiplayer was real enjoyable for me. WAW probs the only CoD of the older ones I missed but I respect its influence
i like it realistic games win for me what about you what do u play
man hopefully we can win this one!! 
I feel this I have changed my life around and became a blockchain dev and it has been a great experience so far getting into blockchaincrypto
visualize the win folks see your name in green in your minds
what do u get usually? any fade or taper?
ur the homie. same to you wagmi
basically booster get utilites as well right ?
good good hold it down in here wthug
whats going on guys?? hows tiur friday
how does one even begin as a blockchain dev? sounds super interesting
yeah you can change your pfp on this server
i lost faith in sol projects. had a few bad experiences. i also dont see any projects go up past its first week high other than degen apes or sol punks
Lol! Thats is awesome! I have my permit for here but it would be nice to not need to go through the hassle of getting it...
may yall eggs hatcchhhhh wpirate
2 winners oh no...My luck is brutal
I was going to take the classes when they passed the law and now I get to save my money. I know how to shoot well so I didnt need a proficiency course lol
not really worth it for me not rich bro
 one of us in this chat will get it 
I started by learning from Ivan from Ivan on tech. It was like 1300 or something for his full blockchain course and he goes from blockchain to crpyto to NFTs to learning to code to TA. It seems like a lot of money at first but the skills he teaches have provided me with much higher returns
Last giveaway a guy won 2 times out of 900 entries
make sure to check giveaways yall!!
WTF 6600 members? it was 6100 an hr ago 
Yea same here on not needing classes. They dont even make us take them here its optional but you have to go to the courthouse and get your permit. I grew up in the country so I had one on my side when i was a young teen lol
8 more minutes! may the odds be in your favor
thinking its gonna grow to 8k today party
wow ill definitely check it out that seems super informative for that price I would hope anyway . Thank you!
i see nice buddy i think i gotta make it purple as well
Good luck is the legit key right now to get WL
lets gooooo! wonder who the lucky winners will be
I know growing community  great project
thats awesome I was lucky enough to have a friend who was into them when I was little. As soon as I was 18 it was on lol
i had mine in my message but I like MW2BO2BO3 but bo3 is neck and neck with WAW
who shilled we gotta hit 10k in no time
sometimes grind as well just not bot haha
Or be active! Remember they dont just look for top 200 for lvl
just looking at the chat you know this is mooning
Oh sorry didnt see that! Nice! Do you still play?
sky be the limit frfr stockrocket
haha heck yea man! they are a lot of fun as long as your safe with them. I like to do long rang shooting with high powers. we shoot 1000 yards at the one range
lets goo so excited for giveaway
I know!! Were still so early here
I play some MW2019 still sometimes but i hate warzone honestly any BR is terrible to me. but i play more valorant now instead
Honestly it was well worth the money he teaches you everything from trading crypto to building dapps and NFTs even if you have never coded before
Go check giveaways 5 mins left!!
its getting mad hyped in here lets go!
that is what it is all about it is always very interesting bringing a new shooter out. Folks will swing barrels around without thinking if they are not stopped lol
been real hyped in here LFGG party
I wish I could make memes lol. I am terrible at that type of stuff haha
chat getting hype cause of giveaway haha
cave 2 winning the giveaway i say this everytime
most BRs be running simulators no cap
Yea they sure will haha. It is a sport that acquires a decent amount of training from someone who knows what they are doing
Nice and I think the more we grow older we have to do more stuff etc so not much time to play
crossing my fingers for everybody
for sure the older we get we gotta focus on werkkkk
thank you my man PeepoHeart a NFT project I really like 
absolutely I suggest ppl take marksmanship classes too. I have taken a couple and they have helped a lot I didnt think I was a bad shot before lol
i guess im too lazy to generate memes
I never tried that before I will watch some videos on it. Thanks dude!
it could only be cave2 just wait on it
Hope everyone is having a good day
hopefully those who are active earn it 
I take my time with them I will pick a subject background then stare and it until inspiration strikes
yeah youre right Im still young so Im trying to enjoy games it as much as I can before i finish college 
Pretty good just at work! You remember talking to me yesterday I think I remember your name !
Hey guys! Remember to check the giveaways 1min left to join!
thank man. sending luck to you as well
sending my luck to everyone PeepoHeart
What game are you playing now? New world?
Haha absolutely man. I grew up with a grandfather who was a marine so i got some strict training haha
yea im pretty sure I remember talking to you about stuff yesterday. Im almost done with school so I should be more active soon!
Yes please enjoy it for me too! Hahaha
Im in Aviation now but was previously CS. I have a basic grasp of python but thats about it
niftykorin yee! new world is fire af and fun to grind with the homies for competitive fps tho i play valorant and occasionally some R6
Anticipating for the winner to arrive
much appreciated  a very nice banana pfp you posses there yourself
Sick man ! Have a good rest of the day! Imma be on soon aswell
Haha me too.. I want in soo bad lol
that is awesome me and my dad actually took the classes together it was a great opportunity to spend time and share something in common with him
Yea that would be a great time man!! I lost my dad when i was younger but i spent a lot of time with my grandpa shooting and hunting sometimes when i was younger. Some of the best times of my life!
Aye more whitelisted congrats to all who made it
oh nice this chat is not that crazy as thecave lol im unable to keep up conversations there too many ppl talking
its the side of shooting the public never hears about relationships flourish when people shoot together. The family that shoots together stays together hahahaha
for sure my eyes cant ketchup ova there monkaSweat
ah darn yet another non win for me.. congrats to the winners!
frostedcuntmuffin i love your name kek  Congrats! partyblob
Dont worry yall we got this just keep these great convos going
Oh yea it really is a good time man. When we go do long range shooting we will place friendly bets and stuff. It is a great time to show who is the best shot!!
Mmmmm well for now guys type more win more time 
Thats awesome buddy enjoy your gaming days if youre good at it spend more hours and become professional player in it and you will be living in your everyones dream
dont worry man your time will come. be patient and trust the process
no luck this time but theres still next time.. so lets go and keep grinding haha.
jow guys check out my contribution in fanart  spent the whole day on this would like to hear if you like the traits i imagined 
oh im terrible kek Just tryna enjoy it before the inevitable haha thanks for the motivation  dapmeup
that is a great idea I will have to think of doing this! I love those competition targets where it is a pole and you are trying to swing all of your targets to the opposing side. Fun stuff for real
London bro North London. How about yourself?
The guy who got rerolled must feel terrible rn
Yea that really is a ton of fun shooting those ranges. Have you ever tried sporting clays?
Yeah keep going nvr give up !! Ganbaru kudasai
havent been in cave 2 for a minute how ya doin?
for sure! but im glad that its rerolled to a legit winner PeepoHeart
gratz to the winners of the giveaway
hey whats going on in this channel?
What do you guys plan on doing with all your crpto gains after this bull run??
I live in Pennsylvania over in the USA
That one guy was legit but he didnt type anything unfortunately
interact with us and it could just be you next fam
yes! My cousin actually took state in clay shooting a couple of years back it is a great way to practice. Having a machine is the best tho not always possible lol
never giving up. gonna keep going till we get WL
Just enjoy your life young blood and happy to meet you here 
just vibing with other chill fam
Wish it would be us someday haha
its been rainy in the east temps dropping too
Yea that is a good time. I use to shoot sporting clay professionally for a few yrs. I need to go do it again it has been awhile
Gator69 Cool any nice places you can recommend over there?
Maybe you can dm him because this is very unfortunate for you
how big is london? i have never been
What type of things are you into? There is a lot of woods mountains and rivers out here lol
Massive. Every1 should put london in their bucket lists. Plenty of things for every1 to see
since ammo prices went crazy during the pandy I am so out of practice I tried to go the other day but they had changed the gate lock and I must have missed the meeting where they handed out keys lmao. Next time...
imagine being lucky to win the giveaway but you get rerolled cause you didnt send enough messages
Fishing is good over that way gator
Gn sleep well see you in the am
pretty damn huge I cant lie haha great place tho
that would be me. it happend to me. lol
Oh damn... And yea man the ammo cost so much I dont even get to shoot any more. Just look at my guns and wish I could afford more ammo lmfao
HENRYYY when did u get green bro
Thank you bro! And thoughty2 about 2 hours ago!
is it easier to have a convo inhere? it legit impossible in the cave
Great fishing big sky country awesome mtns
imo i feel like its easier here to have a convo
Chat going slower here  I might chill here instead  better for real communication
I havent found the ammo my gun likes in like two years on the shelves
What time is it over at yours. Should be the best day ever. Im wishing a day like that will happen to me soon. Any tips?
how far out does it extend from city center?
good to know that ure enjoying cave 2
Aomine that sucks must feel horrible. but i hope you get another chance to get one
aight people heading out for the evening. keep the vibes flowing party cave2 master race baby
Into a whole range of things I quite enjoy DJing but have obviously fell in love with crypto in the past month. I also really enjoy football Soccer. How about you?
not sure yettttt im about to coock some
My 1 tip is just have genuine conversations with people. Mods actually notice you and the effort you put in
Syd Rogers  not anymore I use to a lot
see you buddy  have a great rest of your day
hiking is fun when its not all angled straight up
i wont be relying on raffle though. i am just levelling up now
Its many kilometres but good thing is london is very qell connected.
If its your first time i say at least 3 to 5 days to see the big stufd. Depends on whether u like museums and stuff as qell
I believe it I am waiting for the countries largest gunshow which should happen next month and I am stocking up
DJing sounds pretty awesome! I love music haha
alrigth bro lmk what u chef up boy
Just wishing everyone well here and thank you for building an amazing community! Make sure to look after yourselves
For sure and no grizzly bears around
Did anyone watch the fury vs wilder 3 fight?
hiked in cali and the slides killed me no kizzy
bro crazy fight tyson fury is so insane
Yeah its great fun an expensive hobby because of the controllers but defo worth it. What stuff do you like?
we will all get far in this one 
yoo i cant stop watching sharktankkkkkk
You are so sweet FREDDIE wdym by stuff?
oh we got some more emojis sickk wpsyco wknife wpumpkin
hope so   i spent my whole day on fan art today if this pays off im the happiest person on earth 
sending lucks ur way PeepoHeart
Oh man was it such a good fight. Both guys got knocked down and dug deep  and got back up. Best match ive seen in ages
I am into the outdoors stuff when I am not doing crypto trading or NFTs. I like to white water kayak go mudding shoot guns and do just about anything outside lol
this community is growing fast!! I am having to remember to move around and pet my cat from moment to moment. He is not having it lol
anyone excited for ufc tmrw though? yan vs sandhagen hypedpepos
Im doing great! Tag me if u need help with anything bro!
hell yes dude tomorrows card is stacked
nicee  im doing good but thanks
my friend lives in east london but i dont know how far out and if its in the suburbs ?
i need help with getting me the green colour. lol
Good show. Interesting to see what people create  have ideas for businesses
yeah its in fanart  check it out if you want  i came up with some traits that might also be in the final collection 
i want hooker to win kinda but islam gonna smash him KEKW
Is this your meka by any chance?
you never know bro. dans a great fighter
just stay out here all day everyday
I will help you if you help me lol
yea Im so happy things generally speaking are changing. In top projects we dont see anymore pure level grinds its way better to just genuinely have conversations with the community
haha. thats the only goal here.
thank you so much appreciate it  if you guys posted art aswell let me see it  ill leave some reaction for you guys
Hi Wyverns ... What is the news in here?
And all the other others like work Hahaa
idk im just talking out my neck rn aPESLmfao  im super hyped for the card tmrw tho
Nah we are here for the community too dude
Is white water kayak the extreme version of it? You sound like a pretty full on dude  Closest to guns we have in the UK are airsoft BB guns
Morchize what sort of sports i play football
3087pikachulovedance pepelove aPESLove pepelove peepolove pepelove pepelove pepelove 
still vibing giveaways have been taking place and the activity comp is still on from the look of things
will that be enough? i guess not. haha
omg i just reacted to ur fan art it actually looks amazing !!! PeepoHeart  WELL DONE
pepelove pepelove aPESLove peepolove pepelove pepelove pepelove 
I was lucky to mint them for 0.2 but sold one and kept hold of one bro
thank you so much guys! it means the world to me if you enjoy it ! pepelove
yeah im looking forward to the khamzat fight
Basketball Baseballlfootball you name it!
in the process. we are building one for sure.
Lol yea it is pretty extreme haha! I live out in a rural area so we do all kinds stuff like that to have fun. You would probably have the time of your life if you came out for a weekend lol
crockee back at it to bring you guys some love
haha fr its scary tryna hold your rank
drizzled here when i was walkin home
today chat is very chill as compared to 12hrs ago
Dont play that haha but I like it
glad the work the whole day paid off haha
you mean soccer or american football?
Im sure I would its hard sometimes living in the city. Ive only been to New York and California in the USA
no doubt bro art and mods are great!
pepelove pepelove aPESLove pepeinlove peepolove aPESLoveAttack aPepelove pepeLove pepelove 3087pikachulovedance 
na it barely drizzled tho its calm
i know im trynna reclaim top 100 here but its been difficult
Just chilling with the best family and you?
268 is the main card im waiting for rose and weili then colby and kamaru poggersHype dance3 not to forget gathje and chandler omg
rootin for ya too hope we all gotta mke it inhere! would be so nice. still a lot of spots open so hopes are there 
ur art will b recognized for sure!! rmbr me wen u r green!! haha i voted for u PeepoHeart frogydance
aPESLove pepeinlove pepelove pepelove peepolove aPESGiveLove loveverse pepelove pepelove pepelove pepeLove pepelove pepelove 
looking over the fanart there is some cool stuff in there already!
yea true. but i better do whats in my hand.
Yea I am sure it would be tough sometimes.. I am not very far from New york. I have never been to CA or out of my country lol.. I need to do some traveling
u guys see the fire sneak peek i need that
lol everyones chatting it up today good work !
Fingers crossed man! Respect the artwork for sure though
aye whats up man !! was talking to you last night as well man im just at work
if you guys are ever curious where you sit on the leaderboards be sure to check out httpsmee6.xyzleaderboard902798623744618516
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
we be all working towards the same goal so motivating tbh
haha if im gonna make it i will shill your names in whitelist chat for sure guys  i wont forget pepeLove
never watched it. i am big football fan though. the real football i mean.
KEEP IT UPP!!! we got thiss !! PeepoHeart
America has basically everything so I can get why you would want to stay there. You should come visit Europe sometime some truly beautiful sites here England is good but theres better places in Europe  
that ice wyvern is sweet af tho
Yeah I remember! Haha hows work? Im off to the gym soon
love some green today. but its not too bad so far ! enjoy the gym!
Jesus christ i seen someone with 4k messages i hope they know only 700 messages counted as XP thats a spammer right there for levels 
dankjerry American Football is the real football
this this 3114thisanimatedtop  
maybe he just enjoys chatting a lot lol
have fun working out  the gym !
or maybe theyre just very passionate about engaging in conversations
Yea I definitely want to come visit over there one day! Hopefully these NFTs will make us all rich and i can afford to travel the whole world haha
cant wait to have one of my own
haha. real football is being played with foot . hands are not involved in it.
nah only 700 of their 4000 messages got registered towards the leaderboard is what he is saying
Nope not that either Aron In the US we know what time it is
Yes same! But we gotta do it for the community! Youll get it!
They do! Clean pixel art is so nice to look at
no its just messages for xp go by the min
Syd Rogers yeah probably smeef called this person out earlier cause it looked like they was just spammin messages lol  but there messages look more organic now than before which is good!
id love to see what else is in the works! i really dig it
First time in chat 2 in a while
seeing you here makes me happy tbh
Welcome to the best cave around
might have to hit the rage room
Exactly bro! We are super early in the NFT space so theres a big future ahead of us! Good speaking to you man wish all the best for this project and others
what is the point of verifying right now in the verify channel? just curious
sure do hope so man! coinbase to raise our nft floors!
Hell yeah bring in the normies!
Ive heard its much more chill in here
what you hitting today brother? upper?
Good to talk to you too man!! We will get those WL spots!!
Im doing good just got in from a run how about yourself?
anyone else lactose my stomach has been kickin 
Nah that was yesterday today is cardio
i swim everyday currently havent been to the gym since precovid
I hope there will be a trivia tonight
bruh I dont even know how to swim
TylerTakesATrip what cool calisthenics stuff can you do
It really is.. Good convo in here
Yeah we are all def early still
yessir when i have the chance to I do
Im a huge soccer fan haha  hbu?
Lowkey lactose when i drink milk tea and such
let me steal all your wyverns hehehe
some days i am some days im not its weird lol
oh its great im just not yoked like a meathead but im in great shape
ouuu green too now congrats !!!
TylerTakesATrip boutta take a trip to the toilet   
kevi  he said lets gooo to being lactose hahaha
kennayyy  sheesh i think it was the wings from yesterday
Syd Rogers we gonna teach you once we get these wyverns
planning to workout these upcoming days PeepoHeart
yeah better pace of reading for me ahha
hey whats up haha I do be doing a lot of hatsuki songs on osu lmao
ill just avoid water for the rest of my life
Wow did u get it during raffle?
we need a trivia at a random time
Yea i am too lol. That is a shitty feeling 
You had wings last night? What flavor did you get
ahahaha nahh just hyped that hes turned green xdd
what kind of workouts do you typically do?
Tough to be Asian like me 80 chance of being Lactoseintolerant when born lmao
oh nice. lucky u. got some great transfers this season. i am Arsenal fan
I hope before 6pm est so almost everyone can participate
you still drink boba even if youre lactose? ik some people do
lactose intolerant milk is so good no kizzy
Ay i see you been really active supaicy! Hope to see you on the other side
Same here lol. Can actually talk to people. Where are you from?
lol im not lactose intolerant but been drinkin lactose free milk bc it tastes better
One muscle group i lw need to work on is my core i dont really have a set routine for it
have u tried lactase pill? im curious if it works
Did u get 2 or 1 during raffle?
yomsssssssssssssssssssss  how do you enjoy jogging
Im sitting here watching squid games and chatting. I cant believe I waited this long to watch this show haha
Do you know when will have another trivia ?
This is cliche but enjoy life and do what you love. It may take time to realize what youre passionate about but thats okay and remember that it takes time
anyone ever plan OG nes or snes? I have some kids that are old enough to play my old consols and weve been tearing up mario kart
is that the pill that is supposed to help w lactose intolerance?
2 bro! Sold a rank 60 unrevealed for 6eth
same i saw so many roblox games b4 actually watching the series lol its really good
its for lactose intolerant people so they can eat dairy
What work you do and how old are you if i may ask?
i had both loved double dragons
not much tbh i just jog in place gets boring jugs
what ep you up to in squid game
yomsssssssssssssssssssss i get out of breath after like a block
thats actually incredible advice what do you do for a living if you dont mind me asking? 
have you guys tried mirracle fruit before and then tried a lemon?
DD was awesome weve been working on street fighter 2 and top gear
Im just a banker and im in my late 20s! The Wyvern Wizard!
that shit is a life saver for many
Yea it really is. I am 3 episodes in now. I like it
I played on a old dreamcast before lmao good old days
Oh my gosh. How much would that be a rank 60 as of recent days?
But then again u look at that project. Alot of paper hands
this 2 this 2 3114thisanimatedtop 2 PESgnThisTBH 2 
finding this discord is dangerous. i started school the day before this launched and i havent even touched it since. . . yikes.
i shd have sold 1 meka pre reveal too 
that sounds delicous right about now
dreamcast was so underrated! my buddy had a modded one he ripped cdrs and we played every game we could find  for it
Almost through episode 3 now. It is a great show
Man u look like those who plan to retire early!
it got too much hype made me not enjoy it as much
not being able to eat ice cream...
is it effective or it works only for some?
More of an exaggeration with no proven science but most asians I know have trouble with dairy ingestion lmao
a lot of my family has but I luckily dont
you just kept one for yourself?
what type of asians you talking about
I dont watch tv very much but i figured I have to watch this because it is all i hear about in nft discords haha
Ive always heard that they do never tried it myself though.
Im globalised i travel to loads of places!
SunnyDoonji have to find balance my wyvern fam
i am addicted to dubliner cheese! id cry
I cant wait for the next squid game season
idk but i know a few ppl who take it. it justs helps them eat foods w lactose
omg squid game was real good imo
i watched it last week. Love it!
Well good is relative. The plot its not deep it just nice to watch the games. But It doesnt give us nathing to fell like hard feelings connection.
Ending was interesting to say the least
i havent seen squid games yet but i guess im going to have to watch it
SunnyDoonji I hear ya Ive been wanting to see how green looks on me myself
sadge i prefer the water based ice creams tho idk if theres a name for them xd
fr Im so excited for that do you know if they are going to make a season 2?
Yeah bro! Not sure if I should sell them price arent looking good and Im still waiting to see if devs is going to do anything about the project anyway Im so excited for this project and I want them as my pfp  looking forward to it!
ppl are crazy for it lol I thought it was a nice change of pace from the usual stuff tho The Wyvern Wizard! absolutely I did not see that coming!!
Its not that difficult bro. Got into airline industry and borders are opening up. Get vaccinated and a proper certificate. Enriching experiences
yea man . only hope for the best. atleast we can learn something from liverpool
Squid games is a pretty good show for its time
If I could sugest something is this TRUE DETECTIVE ma Wyverns.
Yea I enjoy watching the games! It is pretty wild haha
Gotcha well at least you made profit from one of them you know
yeah i cant imagine not being able to eat that but there are worse problems in the world than not being able to eat ice cream
Souhate those exist? you mean like popsicles or fruit ones?
yeah I guess it will get people talking right?
IamEvaa  Ryu Everytime I go to discord to check here I see you lmao do you even sleep? haha
man im typing up a research paper rn and its the last thing that I wanna do lol
SunnyDoonji I hope to see you in it
I know ChineseThaiFilipino people that all have lactose problems like me 
6eth profits is a lot! Changed my life in some ways
at first they werent planning to but since the response has been so great they are looking at it more seriously I have my fingers crossed!
manchester united will never learn their lesson . lol
pfizer gang all the way. jj is crap. moderna is good too
Slinqy getting shit done. at least you can type in the chat at the same time
Just exploring different culture and eating different food is the best. In europe alot of museums are free for students and cheap too. Could spend hours in these museums 
Language barrier no longer a thing with google translate too
was there a trick to getting picked or completely random?
yup profit is profit! imagine if u held like people did
oh i see i know bengali indian and pakistani people that also have it haha
Mannn I think thats one of the best day of my life  that moment is just amazing
fr like ive been seeing him here since like early this morning lmao keep up the work IamEvaa  Ryu
how to come out of a slump. lol
Yeah i can understand that.. wow
yeah I would have been jumping for joy good for you! Did you get a rare one?
nfts are literally life changing. I might quit my job soon cause of them
fr they should make the season 2 come to life because imma cry if they dont make it haha
Im alright cheers  just saying hey
just do it thats the best way to get out of a slump
I am doing great how about you?
like lemon ice cream i think water based are called sherbets not sure haha
cant believe they got ronaldo back
Im slowly moving into nft for 9 to 5 at this rate
so epic for the end of his career
Yeah I am good thanks mate! super keen to attack the day with the team
Souhate sherbets and sorbets are pretty gas ngl
good morning how are you doing?
fr ronaldo do be the goat as always Party
The one I held isnt a rare one but the one I sold for 6eth was a ranked 60 and it went for 26 eth rip me
Indeed my job pays me passive incomes but nfts is the main grind for me 
Regardless of coffee or sleep enjoy your weekend and do what your heart tells you haha
any craft beer drinkers in here? Just popped open a trillium...
they got him back as a potential manager for future. as a player he got little to offer now
wow the cave is cozy today! I love it!
Going great thank you feeling good after some sleep 
Awesome man!! This is the project to be in right here!!
omg did you know it was rank 60 when you sold it?
gm welcome to the chat that never sleeps
Awww thanks for the great advice mate !!! Lol 
grew up in the bay and love the warriors jordan poole is goated
Hahah I feel u mate  I cant really focus on my uni since I started 147blanket2
Feels good aye! ready to attack the day now
Anyone here ever took ordinary different equations?
nice! i dont mind ciders i just get heartburn super bad   need to have the less acidic ones
Such a good choice. Ever try Founders Breakfast Stout?
same bro. diagnosed w cancer at the beginning of the year. on a leave of absence from my job. taking a break from college. got into nfts a few months ago. made more than working at my job
I sold them unrevealed to yeah I had no clue it was a rare one!
For sure man!! Incredible road ahead
You know your future ahah. If I want to keep in the no sleep mod I take a JoinT LOL
Im watching the original Ghostbusters movie anyone else watching something good?
?? Is this for me or are you a bot??
damn thats a hell of a year wish you the best with your battle sir
Im trying to decide whether to take modern algebra or ordinary differential equations next semester
the KBS or CBS? I like both haha! im happy that hits distro to me
tamagoyaki i had some apple cider donutes leftover from a baby shower my wife went to...they were awesome warmed up
U know what they are doing well this year bro
Yea it really is!! If we get on this wl it will be a great thing man.. I hope the best for both of us!
first time in a while for the bulls
sending my lucks to u and everyone else ! PeepoHeart
Drose was the man back in the day my fav player
Love that movie good call on watching a golden oldie may just do the same
Thats the best thing I heard in weeks bro! So happy for you  I hope u are doing ok and take care of yourself!
Actually Im having a good time Im excited Ihave  a party today
Wow whats your job buddy. Welcome back! Omg ure green now co grats
im in remission now. appreciate you 
hell yea! im stoked to hear that!
Me too brother good luck! it will be a life changer that is for sure
Bulls made some major moves in the offseason gotta love it we turn rubbel into gold
Thats amazing news I wish you well
never heard of that what is that?
I love em both too ever get into the sour beers like jolly pumpkin?
Are u sure ur a fan of lakers or ur fan of lebron
I have Headknockers merch from that lore.
Good to hear Tyler! All the best man
tysm!! rlly need that luck party
ahh nothing you can really do about that then 6 eth is still so blessed. Glad its made a difference in your life!
Keep doing your best those who are deserving will get rewarded
Not many people added to whitelist last hour
yoo wassup everybody. how are you doing??
Oh heck yea buddy thats awesome! I hope you have a great time!
its a great brewery out of New England! 
304supersport ive had it! i prefer more of the natural fermented sours. a lot of those sours are called kettle sours where they add bacteria into stainless steel and the bacteria is what makes it sour. i like the naturally occuring bacteria in barrel aged farmhouse alessours
we will get whitelisted together i feel it
Yeah man Im not regretting imagine I kept both man
ooh I would really love to try that someday
lmao both. Lebron is so goated tho
Thanks bro can you guess my costume? 
yep just be active and engage with the community youll get it in no time!
Yea dude it could totally change my life to get on this wl.. Good luck to you too
because cave 1 chat was movin too fast so now we chill in cave 2. cave 2 is better tho
like steam beers open fermination? anchor steam comes to mind but i believe they use a lager yeast at a higher temp than lagers normally fermint?  i love meads too Nektar Meadery has some killer ones evil genius was good but that was a long time ago
i think so we can have conversations bc chat log will go fast
cave 2 is definitely better. I can actually talk to people lol
Keep up your hard work bro it will pay off
yessir dressing up as shrek for the halloween haha hbu?
too much awesomeness for just one room looks like lol
That makes sense. Because this discord POPPING YO.
we are all strong like a rock The Rock
im playing in a costume party pickleball tournament idk if that counts or not?
yea its easier to read if you are not used to the fast pace
Shaggy haha. Similar color scheme
I appreciate all of yall visual swim APDaytrader Aron cryptodad86
No one is stopping you bro. Stay motivated and believe!
Just be active and genuine and you will be rewarded 
for sure! lets stay active 2gether
yessir anyone dressing up as scooby?
Couldnt fit all the wyvern goodness into one so had to make more room right?
so when was the last time you went for a job?
i cant unfortunately i got tests a week after halloween. so i need to study
PltrBagHolder fr and i feel like thats the whole point
I think open fermentation is a lambic style fermentation where you leave the beer in an open room to gather bacteria whereas barrel aged beers get the flavor of the oak and whatnot. Are you from Michigan? They have Schramms...Michigan has a lot of good mead
Nah i was planning to carry around a dog plushie and scoobie snacks
Absolutely! I live in ireland atm and halloween is from here!
Yeah it sucks but gotta live with it lmao
stey safe while driving monkaSweat
stay safe on the road man! you could always comeback to text after your done driving  prayge
no one is stronger than the goat shaggy
ooh thats good too give some scoobie snacks to some kids haha
Yesss I recognize you very well we talk before 
Dressing up like a drunk kung fu master 
dont forget to take your breaks if needed  go get a glass of water or something! eat if needed.. shower if youre smelly!! well be here to always vibe with you all  
no im not in michigan but i love founders beers. Have you ever dabbled into brewing your own?
Live in dublin. Not too busy but jot too boring too. And close to uk and eu 
Hopefully I dont eat all of them first haha
mhm  i rmbr u as well ! KEKWaddle
Day is coming along steady how about you?
I respect Lebrons game but his ego is so hard to look around lol
Nothing just chilling and talking
im about to drop some fan art in the fanart channel. feel free to check it out and let me know what you think
Not yet but my friend has...hes a food science guy. I never put forth the effort to truly learn tho....maybe i should!
Thanks man for the reminder!!!  hope you doing well too bro
lmaoo that would be really great
I totally agree with u bro. I respect him and shit but man he throws ppl under the bus lol
Hahaha thanks bro appreciate it
Man I have always wanted to visit there!! Are you guys still locked down pretty bad?
is this how we look at rank 100 ahah
Thats cool  I like making new friends
You got this! Thats a solid grind 
im drinking coffee and grinding i have no complaints
samesies i like making new friends as well PeepoHeart
so far its been really good just got home from the gym earlier haha
Lets go Gino love to see your art
Might work on some myself today!!
If you ever decide to i definitely recommend  the joy of homebrewing its easy read too. and brewing is easy. one time i made a stout with coffee chocolate and hot peppers that turned out amazing if you like a little spice.
enjoying this medical and the company of the Wyvern community good times
egonps bongespob  this how we feeling
haha not really im still hyped 
How do you put the meme frog in here?
oooooo nice! funny you mention hot peppers...trillium just dropped a beer today with chili peppers in it!
im a coffee addict do u like black coffee alone or with milk?
yeah send me a pic once you get that 100 you can do it!!
Ooh nice powerlifting or body building??
I love the Red Hot Chilly Peppers
Milk in mine live off my coffee
milk aways but i drink keurig coffee so black has no taste
I just posted it! I think youre gonna like it
ThePunter yeahh you got it man. Love to see it.
Hey yall go check the meme I made pepeLove  httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862602903752855121440858
Love it Gino how long did that take you?
NO way!!! ill definitly have to check it out! I have 2 variety of hops i grow in my backyard as well columbus and centinial
I do body building  I do calisthenics too
v1 thx I will take. A break soon
Brausoto yes its a paid subscription
I see a few more names turning green.. Congrats to all new green names
haha im fresh and well rested wgmi bro
Bro stay strong and enjoy witnessing community building
Me too full 2 and half hours sleep lets goooo
Congratz to all new whitelisted people
Probably a few hours. And my back hurts soo bad hahhaa. But i enjoyed making it.
jawky thanks bro. Appreciate it
whoa you grow your own hops that awesome! Im a huge fan of centennial. I drink a ton of Hill Farmstead and they do a self reliance series and each beer is revolved around one hop...the centennial one was great. Im a huge fan of Nelson Citra and Riwaka
your allowed to send larger files you can have custom emotes
Damn this fan art is next level yall talented
o wow we are almost at 250 whitelisted o well all get it soon  stay positive guys
damn im rank 400 need to keep going mannn
U meant WESTBRICK? Im so glad that the world finally knows hes a problem. People kept praising him cuz of the cheap triple double
Its amazing right?? People on a next level
lol i got like 6 hours only lost 36 ranks overnight but already way above that now
Yea it is! I wish I could draw lol
u get to use emotes from other server boost server and cool pink name
Keep it up would love to see what else you can conjure  ofc rest your back though ha!
Guys anyone from Ireland here ?
thats not too bad actually where were you before bad?
What happens when you boost servers
How much is it? Im new Im sorry for asking a lot
Wow that is so good! well done you will go weel past it. Bring on rank 1 lol
5 for basic and 10 for the more premium
Are you reading my mind man?!?! i was just about to mention single strains ive been wanting to mess with i cant remember if it was sierra navada or sweet water that did some special release single strain beers that were amazing
cryptodad86 yeah man for sure. But imma take a break real quick and just chill in here
yep many spots to go nothing to worry about!
u would need to subscribe to discord nitro to do so
i got from 155 to 191 or so haha
ThePunter the rank 1 guy is crazy lol i always see him chatting
Lol lakers should not have trade for him
I heard the flood is really bad there. Your place affected or not? Stay safe
I wish I could do something like that
That is the way I understood it
Bro hes been slandered so hard lately lmao
Hahaha yeah damn that would be tough! you are safe now tho! congrats bro
what do you think of michael jordan
hahahaha great minds think alike! Sierra Nevada is the OG bro
it looks crazy good I am going to have to change to an animated one today
ok so we all will have another chance if not
its put a hurtin on me more times than i can count. 
yes 100 whitelist .05 eth to buy ! Kayd makes the project unique and rewarding to be given only to the community members who earn it !
Feeling the awesome vibes in this chat coming from all you guys  were sure gonna make it
Only great things coming to this project
Boosted servers get everything previous and 
100 server emoji slots for a total of 250
30 custom sticker slots for a total of 60
100 MB upload limit for all members
yeah I think he means Michael Jordan haha
Rothaus Pilsen is my 1 go to beer. I usually try to keep some treehouse or trillium in my fridge at all times lol. My cellar is about 100125 bottles of mostly naturally fermented beers mostly hill farmstead lol
Doing amazing! This is the place to be! 
Im residong in ireland at the moment
o hey IamEvaa  Ryu o notifysalute
woah that is an extremely huge jump ! bravo  PeepoHeart
If you like my fanart a reaction would be very much appreciated. I spent hours on this haha
I cant be the only here that doesnt like beer 
Niceee bro what you be doing over there??
Excellent thanks for asking what about you?
Working and chilling in discord. And ya MJ is goat lol
Try last dance on netflix. Good documentary
Any midnight late night stories to tell everyone? 
felix.collector ayyee yours is sooo sick. youre crazy talented!!
that is impressive! I got into aging beers awhile back some barley wines to be exact like dogfish head
doing well! I am working out a moving pfp rn I need that ice wyvern w lightning lol
Everyone still comparing but Lbj still not finished
Love that Doc! Great perspective given
wow there are a lot of new whitelisted ppl
I fly around but covid 19 has meant reduced flight hours. Mostly staying at homr and doing part time jobs
I love barleywines also...but barleywines can make for an AGGRESIVE night lmao
just chillin cant wait for the weekend 
In the middle of the night I am leveling up
Gator69 Brausoto working and chilling in chat 
TheWalrus057 yeah that wyvern is dope. Winter is coming
Take a nap bro. Ill be right behind you I  am getting pretty tired too lol
cant stop leveling up guys keep up the work!
Its amazing how he handles the stress. And scottie pippen is too underated haha
That sounds chill you travel a lot??
have you ever tried any aged? it really takes the bite off them and they mellow to where they are pleasant. they still punch hard tho
congrats to everyone who got whitelisted
Nap is worth it or even a full blown sleep. Only fell back about 30 or so places worth it
right he does a lot of charity work too
They both are insanely good at what they do no?
oh yeh! i recently popped open some 2014 Allagash bottles. My buddy has a bunch of cigar city bottles lol all the old school stuff. This chili pepper beer from trill will be awesome in a year once the chili pepper mellows out. Im a big fan of aging certain beers
Will we ever run out of things to type in here ?
peaky blinders is the best thing ive watched
not with 6000 people chatting we wont
At basketball of course they are both amazing but lebron got handed millions as an 18 year old coming out the hood and never went crazy with it
does pineapple belong on pizza?
I am good brother what are you up to
yeah hopefully Im one of them. Ive been showing my friends these. am legitimately in love w the art
Ooh.. loving the pfp  the new sneak peek
oh yeah thats perfect. i have some allagash myself. have you ever gone to the big tap in in ohio?
Seems like food is not the main topic anymore!?
i dont think so haha maybe it wont make sense but ppl will still type
Chilling  spending the sleep hours here chatting
does sahand belong in the dental office
oh what I am green!?!?!?! THANK YOU moDS!!!!!! I AM SHAKING
 10  9 hypeparty 5 Party 3 hdclapparty 2 meowparty 2 wobbledanceparty 2 party 2  party  party CoolParty  IMXPunksparty2 partyblob pepeLove pepelove pepelove pepelove 
wagmi guys!! 530am still grinding here haha hopefully really make it! 
Fugazzi Making his presence known Gator69 Go Steelers
Yea he does. Definitely see lebron as more of a role Model than mj
welcome. reviewed your convo. you deserve it.
is Vic super cute for his insta post today?
I mean i think has less to with money and more to do with they were the literal BEST at their activity in the world for a long time
yoo mo is giving whitelist spots lmao
honestly I liked Breaking Bad the most IMO
CONGRATULATIONSS!! u deserve it PeepoHeart
Yeah bro I feel you only got 2 and a half this morning then back at it
Nope never been to ohio! i went out midwest a few years ago and was able to stop at 3 Floyds. Nice to stop at an OG spot. Im from new england so i love making the trip to maine and visiting allagash and all portland has
cant wait prayge furballs and wyverns have such strong community being 100 wl hve to earn your spot
yooo TheWalrus057 congrats man you made it!! hope i can join you sooner or later
congrats!!! thats awesome to see someone from cave 2 getting green 
Whats our hottest take when it comes to crypto?   lets hear it
love seing people turn green..... except when they are about to be sick
Awesome man!!! Congrats well deserved!
oh wow that was like 24 hrs ago lol  strong communities is the move rn 
hey man doing good how about yourself! i like your bitz 
same man well get it soon offwhite
Damn man thats so littleI usually try to get at least 56
do you have a local session beer fav?
Gn to you guys!  might take  a rest and continue the grind later  keep safe to all of you guys 3
Mods have their eyes everywhere it seems 
Thank you everyone I really appreciate everyones kind words I am not going anywhere you can get used to seeing me kicking around in here!!!
bullish into november. Were gonna see eth at 6k soon
you should check out KrakenZ messages he seems like a bot wink wink 
good night see you tomorrow hopefully
To diversify channel and reduce traffic lod
probably! unfortunately thats bearish for NFTs 
Had many quality conversations with you the short time Ive been here! Well deserved brother
Yeah I was too scared I was going to lose ranking man hopefully I can get ahead so I can get clonger tonight
yea man easily this over the get 515 invites  level to 5 for wl projects
Because we cant fit in one haha
yea its so nice when ETH goes up when I have liquidity but when for NFTs its so bad
Impressive.. I just woke up 6.30am and ths first thing I thought about was the Wyverns . Keep going.. YAGMI
oooh i see. two caves are timers are still so long!!
i dont drink a ton of sessions but i like Post Ride Snack from Maine Beer Co and Super Session from Lawsons!
Unfortunately nothing is easy X
so we could have conversations otherwise the chat logs will b way tooo fast
Because one would be so full I think
Same bro. I didnt get the wl in kaiju
You too brother you are going to make it I cant wait until you are green!!!
Anyone here agrees that MJ is the goat ?
its ok this is next MOON project
if ETH goes to 810k then thats gonna be really bad for all NFTs... mint prices will have to drop significantly
How long have you been here? I joined today Im level 7 ish
Bro the latest rises are hurting the market as well
Mooning is an understatement. We are here for the long run buddy. Welcome!
that kaiju riddle thing was so stupid i like the wl process better
awesome ill have to check those out.
please check fanart somebody stole art and took credits as if he did it by himself
yea I agree some projects rn have wayy to high mint prices for the current state of ETH pricing. I think this project is doing it perfectly with the 0.05 mint price tho
I bet those could get distro near you! i know MBCO distros but idk how far
nfts wil go to 0 unless eth 2.0 drops
Good stuff man about 13 hours I would say rank about 210
yea but i feel like i could have been more active in kaiju and hve been noticed learned a lot from that project
yes he forsure is a big influence that shaped the game how it is today. Plus watching games was mesmerizing
felix.collector  yo man you have some explaining to do he stole art
Wow.. Good work DX.. Easy here to level as its a great community and chat is more about getting to know people and sharing interesting ideas
welcome back home !!! PeepoHeart
Nice!! Just finished work myself too
really nice art in the fan art page well done
gnight blessings on your titles
Oh thats ggs then keep up the work Im getting closer every minute  I really hope I get it D
thanks! Of course haha I add here and now. I really like the sideway action the last couple of months. Once this breakout people will wish they bought under 30
i desperately need some food in my stomach rn im starving lmao
same brother im about to eat leftover stuffed peppers
yeah i know ive been anticipating that for a while now.. didnt think it would get this bad though. 
Slinqy yeah mint prices need to stay low. Gas also is destroying this market. NFTs really are getting hit from all angles right now.
Souhate ETH needs to come out. it will resurrect this market
what topic are we on in cave 2? just came back from a small break
You will get there bro be consistent and you will be there in no time
He was just something else during his time. It was like watching someone dance whenever he played
get some food man gotta stay healthy !!
ooooo wyverns does trivia and raffles for WL?? i hope i win 
meee too i have to work on some dinner and will return to the cosmic cave asap
Anyone here believes in alien ?
lol guys check fanart  somebody tried to win with art he stole  disgusting lets get the mods attention to this so they can ban this guy
all these shitcoins pumping rn is making gas insane i just want the nft market to go back to normal
Yup and active members also get rewarded! keep grinding.
Yeah we worked hard for everything in life
LFG! hopefully can still catchup with you guys 
hey bro! i saw you got whitelisted earlier also congrats What art did he steal? ppl be so lame
peepolove 2 pepeLove 2 pepelove 2 pepelove 2 pepelove 2 pepelove peepoLove 2 
Just hang out in here and vibe out you will get it eventually
i believe they are out there since the universe is so big i dont believe in a lot of the videos circulating around
get some sleep if you need to man!
Time to hopefully enjoy the weekend
Yes but i think at least it worst
he stole something form kaiju discord and added his name thats so lame man
resting is important bro a quick nap would make u some good
yeah these pupcoins are not helping the issue. NFTs will have a rise again but its a tough space to get into cause the price keeps going higher.. NFTs may be bumping during the bear market though! we shall see
im gonna grill up some chicken in a minute actually
What are you looking at this morning  if you have any time outside of Wyverns
Congratulations. Saw your chats in crypto. May you HODL the wyvern with all your heart.
my bad i just got a lil confused reading chat ahah
jq what made me respect him even more was his documentary Last Dance
Of course the universe is so big. How about you?
Would u guys take 1k per month for the rest of ur life or take 10 mil rn?
Sounds good bro any marinade on that?
First of all congratss on your WL you deserve it and in fanart  he got exposed for stealing art
no just some salt pepper and cajun seasoning good sir
i dont believe in aliens do  u ?
nice how long did that take you?
welcome back bro how was work? or are you just chilling rn?
lmao i love you! Thank you so much. LONG LIVE Wyvern!!
THank you Bot Dylan APDaytrader IMXApe GUH777 BearX Morchize
10 mill and i would use it all to buy matic
congrats mann!!! yeah that art stealing lame fr
They already deleted the art  nvm you cant see it now
10mil right now for sure! Especially since the same amount  of money loses value overtime if this makes sense lmao
I have some errands but cant pull myself away from here 
would you guys take a millionairy advice or 100 bucks?
this! so many nft phishing scammers nowadays.
Dang and just when it getting juicy hahahahaha
13 hours bro now I need to hold it just stick around and vibe you will be fine
hahah i did that my first day here! try getting to 15..
Of course... So many suns out there  its. inevitABLE
i would take 10mil rn and be settled for life pepeLove
Anybody have cool plans for the weekend?
May it be as green as my portfolio.
Dr.Gino Never underestimate people! what a shame...
good for you bro takes a bit but its so worth it!
Haha interesting proposition. Ill tske the millionaire advice cos 100 is not life changing
got busy at work so now just chillin here bsck on discord making it impossible to rank up
100 bucks cause im a bag chaser   KEKW
yo congrats kyle! I was talking to u in crypto earlier
Did you check often your rank ?
Thats not good. Glad it was removed
haha amen i wish it true. congrats on the green
the advice is to take the 100 bucks
Good stuff man!! Grats on the green
yep! 100 in crypto though ahha. what do you invest in?
man thats so messed up someone stole art?
for sure our chat has been hyped since the beginning PeepoHeart
Thanks! love holding down the crypto channel...good convos with smart people!
Yeah so worth it bro I wanted this project more then anything so dumped the rest haha
What u guys think of nets? Should Kyrie take the vaccine ?
There is a crypto channel WHY DIDNT YOU TELL AGH
i think he should stand his ground
   youre living everyones dream
yeah man. But I think they handled it
I know my focus is only on this project man it has so much potential
glad you got it man well deserved 
Oh shiz almost 7k! Growing super fast
I feel it we should be good though. we got in pretty early and have people to talk to now in the caves 
he better. the NHL had a guy falsify his vax records. he may never play again lol
no lol u just lost the chance to get 100 bucks
ya defintelly better than other discord where people just spam
just stay consistent and have good conversations theres plenty of spots to go around
i mean it doesnt matter anyways cause the nets arent gonna win still
I literally could talk days about crypto
I have been trying to make a meme for the past two hours I am terrible at it hahahaha
Nobody doing anything good this weekend?
i like cave 2 better than 1 chat is alot more peaceful
plenty of spots still open just have meaningful conversations and be helpful to others in the community and you will get your spot
Temp is dropping winter is coming and with it a lot of snow 
hes one of my favourite players!
Exactly drop everything for it or you might regret it later that is my attitude
Yall got Halloween costumes tho
cloudy and like normal 70 the highest for me 50 lowest
Kayd i agree way easier to hold conversations nice to meet u btw how are you doing todaynight?
i wish the cooldown was like 1530 sec a min is too long to have a proper convo
lmao fr harden can barely score now since nba implemented new rules for drawing foul
KNICKS NATION BABY The Wyvern Wizard! understandable see where youre coming from
wow just noticed that too steady growing every day
yeah exactly I know a good project when I see one so its worth it to me
knicks games are so fun to watch cause MSG gets so loud. coming from a laker fan too
Yeah true but the chat will go crazyy
Chilling and building a strong community
Just saw this project!! and Im liking what Im seeing hehe hello from the philippines!!
this is the first good project ive seen in a long time many projects recently have flopped hard
yeah i like this 1 min cooldown. I can have convo with u guys
for sure MSG is poppin. lakers fan base  is sick as well tbh
Im from nyc too  where you from??
yea... 1min is the perfect delay
nah dont lie HAHA rest of nba hates the lakers
Yeah 100 worth the effort for sure
ok guys ill be right back gonna go grill some chicken for dinner
Yeah Im hoping the snow part is wrong
How many languages can you guys speak ? Haha
Anyone think nets not gonna make ur to the playoff
TRUTH hahaahah no one likes the lakers
Twoish learned a bit of Korean and Spanish too
Yeah not looking forward to clearing the driveway but cant wait to get up the mountain 
lol lakers are too successful thats why
Lol good enough thats what most ppl speaks
Haha.. Guess Ill just stay here then  havent tried out Cave 1.. yet
1 more ring until we the leading franchise 
You wont be able to keep up bud dont worry P
2 max rn hopefully i can learn more in the future
What you tryna be for halloweeen
Thoughts on their team this year?
samesies i like cave 2 better bc i could have convos easier cave 1 chat flies by realll quick sweatmonkas
Cant wait! Fun fact halloween originates from Ireland
Literally facst  icant even find my old messages by the time i can reply someimtes haha
Love how much more chill it is in here
Tell me more bout Halloween origins
hope someone dresses up as a punk or someyhin
anyone going trick or treating for halloween?
yeah cave 1 is like the fast lane on a Motor way
Who has some Halloween events planned at the weekend ?   And anyone got time to make a costume 
Im dressing up as squidgame moderator haha
i will be passing out candy but no trick or treating for me
we ass right now but like we got 77 more games to go. I think well be fine.
9025pepelick 9025pepelick 9025pepelick
Yeah bro I love the team tbh I think it will come together
Thanks for reminding me! I have to make mine today
Anyone watch into the spiderverse
still able to type on my phone tho 
steph MVP this year and warriors win it all coming from knicks fan
Tbh i dont know that much. But i heard ireland was pretty haunted in the past and if u visit dublin theres this tour thing called ghost bus where they bring you to different places and showcase all the haunted stories . Quite cool
yeah they looking nice this year haha
jordan poole crazy too and then hopefully klay isnt too rusty and we might have a solid squad
Hahahaha what did youget up to ? or just sick?
Take a break take care of yourselves
Yeah my kids love that move and secretly so do I  
nice kaiju how many do you have?
thank you my friend are you going for top 200?
why does it have to be a secret tho haha
Haha.. What are you going as ? I guess youve got kids costumes to make too
just english and cantonese lowkey tryna learn korean
Yeah i think so or i hope to get picked out randomly
Annyeong! Watch k drama and ull pick up pretty quickly
yeah poole didnt do too well but thats okay hes still learning
bro whys that pic look so high quality lol it looks fake
Yo you got green! well deserved too
eat a snickers bar and come on back
time to KO on bed. good night fam
IMXApe GUH777 BearX thank you soo much bruv!!!
need to go grab a pack of beer and just sit on here 
lmfao iphone 13 camera is really good i was surprised too
I speak the same two brother but trying to learn Japanese  where you from??
Anyone peep the new valorant agent
Np man always want to help the people out
Take care buddy. Enjoy the process too and u wont feel like grinding
amazing movie hyped for the next spiderman movie as well
asian american from the west coast 
Skiing or snowboarding you mean?
TKBit  Kids are done mustard ketchup burger fries Im going as hot sauce  how about you?
Hey Supaicy.. I am learning Japanese atm too  any good resource recommendations.. I am currently  trying Duolingo
Oh my ure still here! Hope ure feeling better
appreciate it!!!!!  youre next fosho 
my go to if im in a time crunch is a grilled cheese
feel like we gonna hit 7k by the end of the day today
Anyone have any good book recommendations?
congrats V1. I knew you would get it!!
Fr you also get 5 BREATH everyday so why would you sell it?
we defintely will hit 10k by today PeepoHeart
Hahaha I am sure it will come with time good to see you still hanging around too. Good having you around bro
caleb bro curry was so cold last quarter Smfh
bro youre my role model nice ape too dude
I think that would be pretty foolish and seems unlikely given the organic nature of the community
Around 10 eth but doesnt matter! All diamond hands here
not today but probably by sunday
hell yeah with only 300 left go ima say 8k !!
curry gonna end up being like harden right now just saying no cap no hate
Curry ahsnt scored in the 4th for last 4 games but hes still the goat for 3pointerd
right anytime of the day i can just make one in 5 mins and be good for a couple hours
I might actually start reading Dune since I liked the movie a lot. Might even rewatch it at some point since I had to watch it while preoccupied with Discord LOL
facts we got this!! all organic we got this
or sunday  who knows we are growing rapidly even as we are typing rn pepeLove
If curry wanna be the best pg of all time he needs to do more in 4th quarter
My search seems to have stopped working  anyone else having same ??
walked away from my computer for a few minutes scared to check my rank
Mostly into personal development or business books! Syd Rogers My friend mentioned 1984 Impolite Ill check it out!
Not sure but defo enjoy the process and wll come to yiu naturally. We are witness a community birth
he needs to learn from westbrook similar to how kobe had to learn from michael
The power of one was a good read
But dont focus to much on reaching top 200 just be genuine and chat with each other
Oh yeah heard dune was a good book too
lol cant leave your computer for a sec in this server
you too man! you got this. i am almost at top 100 myself
nice dude whats that one about?
ik but if you get far enough you can rest while not dropping too much
Hey if you ever get those recommendations for personal development and get your money up definitely let me know bro. Im interested as well! Ill let you know if I find any of course!
He is. I love watching anyone who will just shoot from wherever
takes a decent amount of time for some quality conversations PeepoHeart
yo i like ur pfp what nft project is that?
For sure man check out rich dad poor dad its a great book!
Yeah everyone be like that right now lmao
dudes a straight cheat code he got sliders on each game
We all know this get us deep in here for other reasons. 
I know I will never get WL in terms of activity is impossible for me. 
But still im herem trying to support the project that I like.
Great recommendation. I read that when i was younger
Percy Jackson was p good I read whole series in middlehigh school
i slept for 6 hrs and only dropped like 40 ranks
Its about a kid being raised in South Africa in the 30s pretty sad but powerful
You should peep three body problem! Fav book ever
love your pfp too did you mint?
I think its natural to have that aim initially.. but then chatting with people and meeting interesting people you kind of forget about the original goal  just great to be involved
if you help the community then you may get green name the mods are always watching us
its a kitty cat sadly projects been a bit hasnt picked up momentum but I like it   Ky nice lookin kaiju yourself
Nice whats that one about thoughty2 yes! It made a big impact in my life
What are you guys going to dress up as?
there will be more chances apart form activity dw too much wagmi
Your name is green now!? Congratulations!
Ngl I aint read a book in years
the thing is the ranks im in are full of grinders
Only just started but already jealous of the Green
only book i read are the ones my school assign lol
Hmmm. Its good to read but I doubt on that. Still im here for the project and believes. I always go to the public sale hahah
brooo did u watch the movie? remember those mfs were playing MW2 at camp half blood KEKW
I say life advice and financial advice
That author believs in crypto too. Wonder that japarnes author could be crypto inventor. We will never know
Ky lakers not gonna make it this year
for sure! sending luck ur way and to every1 else PeepoHeart
hmm I didnt know he was in crypto but makes sense anything money related
Tough at the top Tyler.. You managed to take any trips recently..? Probably not.. Whats on your bucket list ?
there is no public sale u still can test ur luck with giveaway or trivia
why has it sped up all of a sudden
Je didnt write crypto in his book but said it during interview
ay nice jjob man ! keep up the good work 
you get used to it its not thecave ! offwhite bit more reasonable
drink water and make some exercise
All golden state fans are Skip Bayless fans
yeah have you read any of his other books?
just keep helping out the community dude! theres some super nice and genuine people here
Westbrook would beat Curry in a 1v1
No not really only his first book. I watched mpre vidoes on uube
See how away Im ahah. IM currently on vacations I have some time in here but from Sunday will get lower and lower. Maybe I can try to buy the ones on sale after WL.
I would agree! Everyone here has been nice and supportive
i agree with this! ive had quality convos with people and time flies by quick like that its been 11 hours pepeLove
is everybody already verified in the verify channel??
more people checkin out the cave 2 
remember guys theyre always watching 
You got your kids up the mountain yet ? What ages are they ?
Yeah but were comparing them individually. this how skip sounds
yes my friend thanks for the reminder
6 year old twins and 5 month twins. The 6 year olds are little shredders man 
If u think westbrick is better than curry in any capacity u shouldnt talk basketball
Dodgers beat giants this year Lakers gonna beat GSW too
yep guys be aware you might get wl when you least expect it  
doing great how about yourself AlexisRawr22
In athletic ability sure in accuracy nah
yeah I watch a lot of youtube vids too. Project life mastery is a great channel!
im not talking basketball. Im talking about a literal fistfight. Westbrook would clamp Curry.
I think its because a lot of nft discords are getting hacked lately. so for security
Haha.. Bit of a fast food theme going on hey !?  Yeah I guess fast food is pretty scary right !
corm44  yomsssssssssssssssssssss Yep made loads of new friends  networking!
heyy im doing great just vibing with other wyverns here. how are you doing? party
all good TGIF! get to have some fun on discord
but thats usually a captcha or so dis feels like verifying the ownership of some nft
Thanks for the recommendation. Will check it out
Wife always wants to go with themes! How about you?
Get some food bro! Health is wealth 
Nah nothing planned for Halloween  just gonna take it easy and look to find some interesting projects..
Did you just join? If so welcome!
i seen you here bro. I can tell your tired from the way you type alone hahah
if you really tired its better to get some sleep and grind harder than last time tomorrow
Westbrick doesnt even defend in games what makes u think he gonna clamp curry lol
I hope one day i will win a Giveaway ! 
i love how to train your dragonn ive watched it beforeee toothless is so qtt PeepoHeart
Great bro love the positive vibes!
Westbrook is more muscular than Curry so I think he can take him in a fight easily
yes but hes such a reckless player
Such good advice.. I made myself breakfast at 3pm one day last week  not the best way to MI
They have different playing styles cant compare!
Just woke up n Im still hatchling yikes yikes
Sure he can fight him in a bar 
me2 still waiting for my lucky day
Yessir yessir you invested pretty deep?
ooo ive watched the first and second one before
From ireland but would love to visit NY 1 day buddy
Seeing quite a bit of sporting chat  Anyone here follow the English Premier League
Just got ETH sitting there waiting to buy NFTs got 3 ETH worth what about you?
there is even a series if im not wrong lol
Heard this cave a lil more chill.  What up yall
wow this chat is blowing up 428 messages in like 30 mins
Hahah we all have those days! Gotta fuel those engines
pho shore!! this chat is big vibes party
Enjoy the process of grinding bro. If ure tired go get sime rest first.
Or any Aussies out there  I cant wait for the Ashes to start.. albeit a tough place to get a result
I dont but ppl who do are laughing Dr.Gino how much do you haev?
u know what else is a finger workout
100 squid game a bit overrated cause they have a good marketing there r a lot more lowkey death game movie from JP much better
Yeah and need to be patient bro
Cant compare buddy. Parasite a mvie squidgame a series  but both are realy great. Highly recommend
Right.. Haha. GreenGod.. Is that a premonition  hope so for us all
Chillin watching anime  wby? I see you got green congrats!
Im doing great Gus thank you for asking 
How old are majority of yall here?
Yeah and we go beyond the moon lets go.
I havent seen squid games people keep talking about it must be really good. maybe ill throw it on tonight while chillin in the cave
i dont have much. i got like 3mil shib. I bought it a like a month ago as a joke for like 20
First time in my life i like grinding for whitelist
Broo thats the dream life thank you Im sure green will suit you as well!
Dr.Gino nice worth couple hun now yeah
Ooh sounds like a handful.. getting any sympathy level ups..
good idea its great show must watch
For the anime watchers yall should watch Kenyan ashura skip if u w that fighting scenes skip part 1 if u really widdit
yyeah same! i got lucky and found this one early.
Hey Im back i went on a mission to make a meme and it turned out terribly so Im back to grind it out in here hahaha
Naruto is the classic and boryto getting better
yesss but wish I bought a lot more now lol
i love both parasite and squid game
this project is so worth the grind
Parasite is my one of my favorite bro
Yeah still a lot of spots left so we are early here
Dr.Gino yeah hind site is 20 20
Oh and watch love death and robots on Netflix is like a animated black mirror if u will
LOL yea i posted it anyways but its pretty stupid lmfao
Take an advil and a hot tea and that would help  hope it gets better
Has anyone watched Tucker and Dale Vs Evil?
i fw both pretty heavy but if i had to choose one i would agree w u on parasite over squid game
i hope i win the next raffle or trivia game!!!!
Oh that sounds super interesting.. Black Mirror is one of he best shows out there
Looool i though you mean period cramps Im sorry
Dr.Gino my cousin bought 250000000 last year and is excited Im telling him to sell
Good 8hours ytd. Stayinf up late becos its the weekend woohoo
dont worry boys we got 2.7k spots left
Wow great!!! Good effort there xD
what do you think?  organic growth plus nice artwork and utility.
Did you know wen they will pick up the top 200 ?
This is facts! I wish they would add new episdoes
ohh lordd. is he planning to hold?
Getting some Chinese food for dinner
lol i laughed but its a little bad u can keep trying tho
i slept like less than 4 today I had work earlier and was up late night talking with everyone here 
i got below 30 at one point too 
And we are building great community foundation here. Believe my brothers!
It just too ez to guess what gonna happened not some big twists and actually the game also too simple happened too fast the last scenes when all the rich guys came in look not impressed at all
Good one gogo you can make it up the ranks for sure
Always hoping to hear something new released.. Although I wasnt 100convinced with the interactive one
slowly getting there! I believe in you!! LFGGG shakecolors
It had gloval outteach wherever the origin haha
Yes same after a big workout hahaha
subway or a local sandwich shop
How many levels do i have to get up to
I was thinking maybe it would make them laugh just because of how bad it was 
The worst number on a snowboard.. Hit that one many times  .. But Im still back in the 500s  coming to get ya
Thats insane your cousin is filthy rich
Liquidnice I love hearing positive things
Do !levels in botcommands to see leaderboard!
honestly those are the best lol
no level requirement just be active and nice
no specific level. the WL is hard to get into which is why I think it will do well. Right now for activity you gotta be atleast top 200.
IYKYK Clean maybe get some Mediterranean food
Hello sir im having a great day whats up?
Hahaha I need to get into the gym
Supaicy nah its only worth .000074 right now
I could eat chicken wings all day
how long does it take to reach top 200?
Not too long if youre having fun!
All very valid points can def agree
Are we have some guys who are in top 200 in this chan ?
4 days this week dont know how I did it hahaha
Wow.. some big numbers out there  Ive got a lot of catching up to do
I ate 100 wings in a sitting easy peezy no kizzy
someone posted the leaderboard link earlier i cant find it now
respect to u  u r on a different typa level KEKWaddle
envy the 500 guys who joined early
wtf that couldnt be healty lmao
I hope everyone is enjoying their stay in here
Hahaha I always get caught up in discord now so I will just do a quick run and then I am done haha but ned to get back into the gym
you got 2 stay in the top 200 and then they will make a snapshot of the ranking and then they will give wl
i didnt make WL in any project so far xD
you just build different. hahaha
My name is not j cole call me supa hot fiya Im spit some rhymes for yall
Oh you should get onto it.. Have any recommendations for must watch TV.. Ive started wathing Squid Games  the hype finally got to me..
for sure!! ive been enjoying my stay here oii  with all those opportunities that you guys provide to us
Its been really pleasant building something good here for sure
Thanks we are having a good time I guess   what about you?
im totally enjoying it just had some great convos in crypto! the overall community vibe is so good! thats a good indicator for a good project!weyespepelove
chief imma keep it real with u that shit did NOT slap
Elea  Im sure there are lots in top 200 here
okay okay i see you!! spit some thenn
Nice to hear that youre enjoying sir 
yea man this community is so awesome
Thanks Mitchel  Yeah I already believe in this project  so Ill be here for sure
The cat in the hat and met a dude named aomine and I said he looking kinda fine so I made him draw me a line till I ate a 100 wings
You as well. Nice having cool discords to speak with others with everything going on
Hope all who is new has gone to faqs announcements whitelistinfo memes fanart  this is a great community with so much talent..wyvern life
Ill be on here all weekend take a break if needed
If you havent done so yet go check out what some of our fellow wyverns are creating down in fanart we have to support one another here!
little to no time to grind at work lol
Lets brainstorm some good ideas while we are in it roo suggestions
taking a break is the most important part for staying on a while
Obviously will wait for announcements but anyone have any idea when the website is coming  sorry but just so keen to find out more
Watched a couple it was pretty good. Im watching the long way road atm love that
The latest sneak peak is my one of my favorite pfp
Would mean the world to me if you enjoy mine and leave a reaction pepelove
Yall hear about that Pokmon nft game? Who wanna battle with me? 
Facts gonna go take a hot shower now
LFG guys hope yall having a gd day!
eating deer steak my daughter killed with her crossbow
Top of the server channels tells you that info Aron.. we are still early
scroll up on the channels and you will see how much people are whitelisted already.
Sounds interesting  some existing brand names that crossover into NFTs are surely GMI
chat is rapid here.. just like GWEI
no i would never eat with a warriors fan
Haha maybe we can intro third chat group suggestions
i am doing great too how are u doing?
hallo  how are you ? keep grinding mate
its not a grind its just fun to be here
i tihnk its time to crack a beer. whos with me
Is that a new Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman adventure  havent heard of that one
the odds are very very low of getting it sadcool pray
pretty good just chillin a bit before I head out haha
agreed grind implies a job. Im just here chatting with fellow wyverns and whatever happens happens
Talking to you guys is amazing lololol
Hey my bro from svs welvome back!
I will speak that charizard into existence
that sigma grindset right there
Ive tried mango and did not like it lol. What flavors do you like
Search back work  probably a glitch my end I restarted Discord
they taste pretty good and get me feeling pretty good once i drink more than 3 KEKW
sheesh ladies and gentlemen i think i might have some time to hangout and chat for a bit finally haha hows everyone doing
trivia questions are quite interesting!
Actually cacti goated LA FLAMEEEEE
Thats the one would love to do a tour one day
offwhite  I cant because I need both my hands while working
Even with cooldown chat going crazy all day
.. haha bit of both Id say but definitely more engaging that almost every other server I have been in
for sure strong vibes here onlee PeepoHeart
Keep the chat going crazy guys !!
hope there will be memeart contest
its been good I was chatting here for a couple hours earlier and keeping some good convos with different people. Its been a lot of fun.
Always need a starter. Glad u got intro into a good one. This is a go atarter too for many
It dont stop straight vibes 247
Lol  yeah i choose you charizard
Then dont count the time just enjoy the convos and let the xp stack
facts brotha enjoy it while it lasts
spkn facts right here just enjoy quality convos with one another !!
yeah this would be huge for anybody who is new
How do you check the rank of someone else  I am struggling with the syntax maybe
im here for the convos and meeting fellow wyverns. the levels will come to me when they do i am in no rush
i be driving too much to type all day its ass
enjoying the conversations w my fellow wyverns at the gym rn!
Whitelisted is just a bonus the real fun is connecting with a great community
Use the bot tab and press  for sugfested functions
Coach Greg yoo dope artwork my g fanart
I made my first fan art could you guys check it out and let me know what u think of it fanart
Yeah !? With four kids and the wife in tow !!??
driving? you arent suppose to be anywhere but locked in a basement till February
Getting a Wyverns is also very nice so you dont have to buy on opensea for 2 eth
Blue eyes white dragon? Is that a yu gi oh?
just keep vibing bros no worries
Wyverns are cooler han kaijus imo but im biased 
a robot wyvern will be damn cool
its really nice and clean. little chef
Yes kaibas dragon. A classic from ygh
For sure bro I need to start focussing on my health tho it is taking over my life
Oh sorry Aron I got my replies mixed up
We will see it will be the next blue chip for sure
Yeah the other legendary right?
its a really chill community as well
How i miss my sleeep Hahaha Lmao
Bro take a rest and drink loads of water. Come back re energised. And remember this is for the long term.
blue eyes white dragon PeepoGiggle
rank 150!!! finally! i was 280 this morning
What other projects people found that seem like they GMI ??
Hardwork will be rewarded but also helping out the community and being impactful will be noticed by the right people and rewarded as well
You should get some rest so you can grind more later 
Haha ait sarcasm there bro. But its true right. Get hydrated to stay healthy
I aint drink no water today ngl
Thats the main thing! Take care bud!
oof stay hydrated brother thats a big thing
damn i really didnt drink much too losing track of time hanging in the discord all day lol
ryngtchln  sad part is you never catch it again
yooo this discord is exploding!
M2M of course that evosnail looks interesting too
woah chilly morning here  just got out of bed for the first time
Dr.Gino3335 yessir Ill get to it too doc
Minting a wyvern will bring the GF lol
hoping for u to find the one one day ! pepeLove
Yeah i think so its keeps growing and stronger
i could use a proper pour mysef
Same thing here haha snow is not far now
more ppl  harder for whitelist..
LMAOO ohhhh you be smoking the Zaza hahaha
just gotta set yourself apart my guy
Thats nice bro. Drink a lot of water
if it quenches ur thirst i guesss yeah PeepoGiggle
Still young and plenty of opportunities
Yeah.. Im having a problem with Discord atm.. where it is saying that my mobile is assigned to another Discord account.. but if I enter with my mobile it takes me directly to this account.. Been on to support the last 4 or 5 days  pretty much telling me yeah thats strange ! Not so helpful !!
hopefully my name will turn green soon
the leaves are falling late this year in the mid east. peak color is a little late looks so nice in the mountains.
Then yess i drink lots of water
Cant say Im having that issue hopefully someone here has some tips for you!
Yeah once you catch with pokeball
anyone here ever played pokemongo before?
You dont need a gf once u cop a Wyvern
i briefly played it when it first came out years ago
I heard if you get a wyvern you can get as many gf as you want
Yeah I can see what its suggesting but Im obv. doing something wrong  Ive used it in the past.. Oh well forgot who I was going to check anyway
Can I have 4 at the same time on discord?
i did but i lost it when i was tryna transfer it from binance to bitvavo. but i rebought it a month ago
I did in a small way just for fun. Hit my sell early though 
just arrived at forest hills stadium
Im in Hokkaido Japan.. How about you ?
good morning how are you doing?
picking up a sausage and peppers sandwich
guys rmber they dont do flash mint here
Pork isnt for me bro pigs are weird
Good trying to wl but i think im too late for that
nah theres still plenty of opportunities you good
slowly getting there ! I believe in you vibrate
any plans to turn off slow mode or at least reduce the timer?
Not at all very few spots have been taken so far. Just keep staying active in the community and helping others when you can. You will be recognized in due time
I wish man would have converted it to eth today and gotten myself some Kaijuz
Youre still very early man. Like 2750 spots left
No we are early. You got plenty of time to get a WL spot
whats good bro! super hard to reply with the 1 minute cool down haha
Been waiting for it all my life
Nope English.. but have a house here
No youre that late bro. Never give up
yes...... me too  man. missed out too much
this project reminds me of kaiju
nice would love to visit japan some time
Hey Flem  Wyvern Ryu  Wyvern MAGNESIUM  Wyvern  i think offwhite is a bit sus he only sends one liner messages and doesnt react to s at all. mind checking his  logs to confirm he is or isnt a bot
whats everyone doing for halloween?
man ive been wanting to visit japan for awhile now
100 GMI we also have trivia for another shot at WL
I love it but thats not on the menu tonight
I see you boys are always lurking around
Gator69 AbsoluteZer0 yeah man wgmi lfg!
Pass me sum of your exp and Ill slide you trickle
yeah its a little difficult to chat in here but theres other chats with lower timers. pets i think has a lower timer gotta talk ab pets tho lol
just played some fifa what a good game
Japan is on my bucket list too i want to get figurines from there from my favorite animes
Liquid Question  but if you just answer questions direct people to announcements faqs giveaways it will help others and you get recognized
Ofc been wanting to have a look at moonbeam too
good to know ill probably go chill in tehre and send pics of my dog haha
im planning to purchase candies and give them away for treats
sorry my g thought it looked weird. and i saw like 3 people  you and you never replied
we all weebs of course haha seems so beautifull i even started learning japanese
Yea man we can definitely make it! I plan on spending the weekend in here until I get that wl spot
Oh try interacting w the community more you dont have to chat here you can chat in the off topic channels as well
same! What kind of candy you stocking up on?
Where are you based  Yeah recommend it  Japan is awesome
someone come hang with me in pets  haha
Pretty sure a 1 min timer slows it down a lot haha but yea interact with the community more cosmicwyvern
i would love to visit to play  game arcades
Doing awesome how you doing arvin
Same for all  and it creates a much nicer vibe in the chat.. Its the way forward and will ensure that we all think a little harder about the projects we get involved with.. No public mint too so a chance and selecting mint time around reasonable gas fees
theres seems to be a lot of fun things to do! wgmi to japan ser
Brawlhalla and also playing valorant lol
i had no idea that was even a thing lol
Valorant is lit want rank are you?
Never heard but they sound weird lol
ayo jpegs boys moon. GG on the whitelist spot Hyxder
lmaooo ya kitkats come in a variety of flavors  strawberry chocolate greentea mandarin peach blueberry  sparkling wine etc.
I will see you all in Valhalla brothers!!!
All of those except for chocolate sound disgusting though haha
theyre at like asian market lol
we been going crazy in here except bojangles Kek mf is rank 27 and dont have it Kek
If not NFTs then maybe a dream job would be candy  colabs or coming up with new flavours
Dont ask me bro im shy lol  a only freaking iron lol  how about you but i play valorant sometimes when im bored
holy shit what the hell. do you get anything for being dumb high rank?
Wow I might need to try them!! Thanks for the reference
What is your prediction about number of member at the end of the week end ?
Hi guys I created some real life wyverns egg in fanart ! Check it out!
Okay I havent showered in 10 days
ya thats what im talking about i rlly love the green tea kitkat flavor as well
my sister show me them haha. Been addicted to them since
if youre top 200 activity by time of snapshot Random then you are guaranteed whitelist spot there will still be other opportunities if people dont have time to participate in this one whitelistinfo
Syd Rogers give me more bars bro
do you know if theres a leaderboard listed anywhere?
you can check your rank in botcommands
just chatting it up in here praying for that green name haha
Morchize nah bro its literally impossible at this point kek
Install our Discord bot to set up leveling moderation music Twitch YouTube and Reddit notifications for your Discord server.
bet thanks bro! I wish i saw this project earlier
Im ii got to plat this season hbu?
AbsoluteZer0 im really into valorant lmao. I feel like its a csgo for my generation bc i got more mature for shootingcompetitive games
You still have time mate dont lose hope
nice man im just silver 2 have any tips for me?
If I go non stop every next level is 10min more then the last Hyxder I got all the pills i need next to me 
yes the echoes off these cave walls do hit different thats for sure.
keep updated with nfttalk people always posting invites there i posted wyverns 2 hrs after disc was made sadhug
i got a lil better with less dpi maybe that helps
this project will be a big hit for sure! be sure to check out giveaways and triviaquiz announcements for more opportunties
Yeah bro what rank are you now in valorant?
yea there is a bunch of spots still left. A lot of us will get in
fs been busy with my own project lately so havent been checking the channel as much lately
Did you prefer cave or cave 2 ?
can you leave some spots for the rest of us
need to order some more coffee asap
Ayyy nice to see you still here whtas your rank now? Haha
Haha.. me too.. I might have to be in America or Canada to do that if you know what I mean 
still plenty of time and plenty of ways to earn a WL spot just stay active in the community
Yeah man theres a lot of stuff to work on for the game. Do you have anything in mind that you want to improve on? Such as jiggling. Strafing. Wide swing spraying or game sense?
is this green tea flavor or something?
Sheesh get me in  Ill give you a Kilo copy PepeRetarded
ill only stop wen i sleep lol i think like 89 we chillin. how about u?
get on thatttt. imma be swapping between here and Quantum Quokkas all day now
mhm its green tea flavored kitkat
You working on your own project? Wow amazing lmk when you have the discord for that haha
I just got to plat this season almost time for diamond. Its so hard there because people will punish you for your mistakes there
take care bro personal wellbeing is of utmost importance. stay healthy
I would recommend it feeling refreshed
Nvm I see the OS link PepeViolin Thats smart
Thats awesome hahaha i was behind you yesterday when you was like 196 and i was 197
thats nothing i havent showered since last year
why not? too excited for this project?
Charliee!! Grinding hard I see you
Nice. So many different cultures going on in the States.. Ive travelled a lot of places in the world but only 3 or 4 of the 5 0
kennayyy oh youre good bro i cant even reach silver lol i think because i play with my laptop not in pc
been around the 250 range all day need to get lower asap
Dr. CheekClapperan you been clapping cheeks?
oh jk didnt let me post the link 
Id like to check out South America. You been?
not as much after i graduated college i retired
I dont even bother checking my levels no point in stressing over it just build relationships through meaningful convos and the levels will come!
Yeah Ive spent a lot of time in South America
Anyone goin out for Halloween end
my project that someone was asking for
APDaytrader true that. hard not too sometimes tho
Oh yeah thats a big difference. Laptops usually only go up to like 60 fps. Mine is avg at 144 hz monitor. But that makes the biggest difference
Oh it was me haha you can send it by dm i want to see whats your project about
just posted. I hate shilling to randos tho cus i feel like everything just looks like spam
How many of you in here are parents?
Im not good enough to teach like that haha. You just have to play more to get better. Ive been playing since beta. But you got this dude! I believe in your capabilities fam
Where would you recommend? Love to go eat some Argentinian steak 
Yea i had a laptop that was 60hz for 5 years and then switched to a 240hz beast pc. biggest difference a person can see haha
do you play with friends or play solo?
that rs3 so clean my b for the late response I was taking a small break
But i used gaming laptop bro but the monitor wide is kinda small compared to the computer monitor
I want to learn how to clap cheeks
just get ur hands and hit them together ezpz
caleb no worries man take as long as you need for real. gets tiring for the brain
hey i think i have seen you around before. whats up
yeah im always lurking around here somewhere lol
Facts everybody here is chill af
Somewhere with great food and landscapes preferably
Mate.. the steaks in Argentina are unreal.. Id recommend the whole lot.. but Colombia Peru Argentina and Brazil probably the standouts for me.. Arg and Bra difficult though because they are huge
IYKYK Clean thats your homies right? The one who fills we85?
240 hz is a fking beast of a monitor yo. Im so jealous haha
granthempeake i play with a group but we are all the same rank. We started from the bottom together. If we played solo we wouldve gotten to diamond already lol
AbsoluteZer0 you can build a budget pc. Mine is like mid tier and i payed 1k for it during covid prices. Its worth it!
Syd Rogers yes love too. bout to buy a ticket for ultra miami
ive never been to south america cryingpepe
dammit.. will be hard to get WL here
If I Colombian food food will I get sick
Right.. Ive learnt from past mistakes.. time to make some breakfast
thanks  managed to snag myself a 3080 on retail could have sold it for x3 price if i wanted to but built my pc instead 
not even there are over 2600 spots left for WL. Just hang out and talk to people and see what happens!
fully built? She looks like a beast
lol yea me too. I will be spending the weekend in here trying to get on that wl
Soon bro if i have a time i will im focusing on NfT bro
Work hard and get rewarded yar pepeexcited
What are you making for breakfast
correct fully built. FBO  motor built by Iroz
Good idea happy eating stay hydrated
Yeah looking forward to these.. You into MtM too ?
Almost 7 k guys we growing fast
yeah i minted 5. I would sweep some off the floor if gas werent so crazy rn
Nice GL Gator I know you will put your time and and have a blast doing it.
Yea we are!! Going to be 10k before the weekends over
its going good Harry how are you doin
I think soloq is easier than squads. Since soloq people usually get matched up with solo q people. A double stack is the best way to play the game imo. Only because you have a friend to play with.
Taut was it worth it to hold onto your gpu?
AbsoluteZer0 i feel that brotha. Focus on the grind!! Games can always come later. But remember to organize your time because it is too precious to be thrown around
Haha.. trust a Dad with the good advice  If you want to brush up on your Dad jokes you can check out jokes channel 
same. they said end of nov for characters to drop. definitely some of my favorite art rn
Yup its been 200250 the last 3 days
Yeah bro i playing games when iam feeling bored
GabrielWyverns yeah bro focus on my goal
yes it was I never regretted it. There were so many problems with my preorder that it took ages for it to come and I held off building my pc for half a year cause of I heard news of the new 3000 series coming
dad jokes are the worst because you know theyre the best haha
Yeah nice.. I found the project a day too late.. it literally took weeks to get 1200 minted and then I caught it the next day when it had sold out.. But Ive got a couple of sets and some !rares.. so pretty happy
Yes mate just be a helpful one . And shrely when time comes youll be WL here
Im a father as well to 3 little ones.
always will somehow get a chuckle out of you lol
thats sick. its funny cus the project sat for a whole month then out of nowhere just minted out hella fast
Yeah.. gas is a killer right now.. Im surprised thins havent dropped even more cos its difficult to sweep the floor right now
kennayyy It got to the point where ive waited for over a year to get my new pc I wasnt going to sell my gpu to hold it off even longer
Just checked out their page  crazy af all their cars push
is been like for a week! thanks to Shiba???
Yea man the gas needs to go down! I havent been minting much at all lately.
my friday has been great! how has your friday been going?
Thanks bro really appreciate you you too bro keep doing good things.
Oh.. nice work  youre about to hit Level 14
I work a 95 so i relieve myself by playing valorant on the weekends. Its a nice break to have imo. I grind for everything else on the weekdays but weekends are for me myself and i. I feel like everyone needs a reset like how the rock resets everyday by going to the gym i reset my own different way
Taut couldve waited a little bit longer and got a 3090 haha but no i feel you. I chose my 2060 super because i didnt want to wait for the 30 series lmfao
alright guys i think i gotta bounce for a little but it was good ttalking to everyone!
oh absolutely nuts tbh. they know what theyre doing
If you are new to the caves be sure to check out announcements for WL info and go support your fellow Wyverns in fanart
Yes bro i just hang around here and do some helping to others hehe
good yomssss! just got off work so now im talking to you guys
i wish i was an artist the fan art is amazing
ooo welcomeback to Wyverns world !! PeepoHeart
Yeah I missed the mint by a couple of hours 
hello! hopefullly work was great
Haha nice I bet your busy! I have two boys ages 4 and 6
it was good! very chill cause its friday haha
so many talented people on here making absolute fire. i love it.
my friends this is the best channel
Nice good ages! Yeah we have two sets of twins  
halloweekend baby! what are everyones plans?
Yea my original goal was to get a 3090 I actually could have but thinking it through it is waste. No game or even Cpu can maximize the 3080 currently and the money I save from choosing 3080 over 3090 i could use that to buy the 4000 series when it arrives. That way I get the best pc currently and the best in future for the price of a 3090 which i cant even use to its max atm.
Wow that really cool you guys had twins both times but wow I bet thats a handful lol
Yeah I dont know if there is an official explanation.. Ive hear Shiba mentioned and Coinbase too.. just wish it could reset back to the normal high prices
Yeah bro if youre mood is not good just play games or chat with your friends just do the things that will make you happy. You know that
GabrielWyverns yeah bro helping people is always the best
Netflix and chill....? Horror movies are great for a date
what r u planning to do for the weekend?
It is for the first year then they look after themselves  Im done though no more
MessagetoMartians.. seems very interesting.. expecting some things to be moving on this one in the next week or so
doing well mate  smoking you know haha
hope all the moms and dads have a great Halloween with the kids this year. Hopefully everyone can find ways to enjoy trick or treating
lmao I bet!! I am done with the 2 I have. Where you from man?
Its a great day sir how about your day?
Yoo Ky wassup! I played league from middle school to high school. Got to plat within 10 rank games lmfao. And only played around 200 wins worth of games. I watch a lot of streamers to understand their playstyle and such ig thats how i learn
Taut what games do you play fam?
AbsoluteZer0 thats why valorant is perfect for me. Cus i love trolling people with my friends to relieve stress. Its something i enjoy doing to connect with my boys
Yes mate absolutely zero hahaha  helping is a nice way of showing how you love people around you
Im Aussie my wife in Japanese we live in Japan. And you?
The sun is shining the bills are paid my crypto is pumping life is good. Hope all is well on your end
doin good brother stay inside so cold outside
alot of my friends switched to valorant cause league was just too mentally draining
That is awesome man!! Im in the USA.
I havent played games in forever. Use to do some csgo rust. osrs with my old laptop. Tried out some new games when i got this pc too like dark souls cyberpunk. bdo
Lmfao I feel that every trend in life gets recycled its so funny how vine got murked and now tiktok is one of the biggest platforms in the world
Aye whaddup cave 2! How is everyone?
Hahahahaha smoking for anti stress. Thats nice bro but dont smoke many youll get sick ok?
valorant is really fun i just cant play it while im at college cuz my ping is way too bad
Nice where in the us? Ive only been to salt lake really
gonna purchase candies to give out as treats for halloween
I envy you lol..... Im up in PA
Nostalgia tells me vine was really good but I think tiktok is better
This is one of those projects that makes you feel like you have to be a part 
Vines were too short and its crazy how tiktok algorithm makes people so addicted
Aye thanks homie!! I been trying to catch h up to you fam 
what are your halloween costumes?
kennayyy But I dont play games anymore nor do i enjoy them really. nothing that interests me atm. Waiting for these new crypto games to respark my gaming attitude.
Yes mate just chill help and relax and to the moon it is
Yeah games is also a stress reliever youre right my friend.
GabrielWyverns are you pointing on to me lol angryjoy ... yeah bro so lets spread love
dont worry i left faudi in the dust so you can take his spot
tik tok is much more developed  then vine ever was
Yo for real I just took out the garbage and didnt realize man
I live in Pennsylvania by Pittsburg
Ahhh I love Florida so much cheap state
Yeah lets hope that is the whey 
Im comin for it  what you been up to bro?
Hahaha thats nice let us spread love and affection
It is! I dont even understand how to jungle anymore and that was my main. They always try to add new things to it making it more and more complicated every year. Its so ed i think thats why i mainly stopped
Slinqy i always wish i could do more in learning how to code too. Thats my aspirations but i feel like my mindset should come first in case of any burnouts
Taut yoo osrs is my shit still is! Havent played in a bit because of life but i love that game. What level is your account?
Thats the vibe haha lets go mate
Oh cool man hows the weather there atm?
been tryna get wl for this other project i like but dont really have the energy anymore Kek
HAHA I was maxed my man  name is taut actually can look me up.
We are getting the same shitty weather here rn too
i know exactly how u feel too many changes
just finished a league game and my jungler went afk lmao
Nice! The party is just getting poppin then!
Yeah bro we spread love here not hate.
Me bro haha TGIF baby. Gonna try to keep up in here as I watch a movie
Vine was fire bro such a platform and it blew up then gone haha
What games yall be playing rn? My goto rn is valorant and i just finished the latest yakuza game
hey Andrew27 Space Apes hows it going?
Yeah its pooping of nowmust be the US waking up? 
Exactly the same feeling ! Glad to be here
dude i regret not being a CS major im going down the finance route rn
It is about 50 degree Fahrenheit raining and windy. Not very nice out haha
its raining pretty hard where im at rn thought there was going to be a thunderstorm for a sec
Yes you know its an awesome community when you feel like youre home
I heard its hard to find job nowadays for CS major
Yes mate the mods are always watching thats why you need to be helpful
Bro I feel that! I just finished grinding through BearX and then came straight here lol
looll facts!   anw you in 0xdao?
the job market is horrible in america now. BLEAK.
My biggest fear was majoring in something i didnt want glad i chose healthcare lol
Yea it is the best state in my opinion. Once I make a bunch of money off of NFTs and crypto I am going to buy a house down there somewhere near the Atlantic ocean
Same my guy really looking forward to mint this project they are the best pixelated Ive seen personally compared to kongz and kajius these are more my style 
good news this team is capable of not pulling the shit that bearx did no efforts going to waste here dance3
Same here in NY bro could use a cup of hot chocolate right now 
Yeah good day to stay inside then! Ive got so many errands to do but dont want to  done with the bloody sweeping autumn brings
Did Cs my first year and switched my major just learnt your code myself
Its wild bc my girl watches some stuff on my phone and i keep on getting those trends on repeat. Tik tok kept a great medium. I was a hater at first because of all of the dancing but social media made me have to like it because of the content. 
Taut wow mad cool dude. You got a 4 letter word in osrs. You can sell your account for so much lmfao. Prob like 2k or more. I only got to like lvl 120 at most.
Ky i heard they were going to bring in teleporters when u kill drag
Dr. CheekClapper you need me on your team
you dont play any video games? Understandable as most people dont got the time
i just like to blaze at night or watching movies
Yes thats why we help people around us
dang man how long have u been active here lately! 
he from new york he just meant its really cold I THINK.
i like the community am just chillin in da caves
We get issued it in America. It comes in the mail with free samples of tide
That is good to hear! I need that stability  I cant go through that again I felt Like I aged 10 years haha
Lol yea definitely! I am already ready for summer to come back lol. I dont care for the cold damp weather at all
I went down the database management route. I was a mechanical engineer but life got in the way lmfao. I regret not thinking about cs when i had the chance man. Honestly if you want to go to cs you should try to switch to something you really want to do.
Yea watching movie is nice  so much enjoy it hehehe
i thought we were talking blow lol
I could yea but ive kept it lol 
Im looking forward to surfing on snow a little first 
LMAOO i hear you did similar with guardians of metaverse didnt go too well for me Kek
Id rather surf in the ocean when its nice and hot out lmfao
ya my friends been applying to over 600 hit interviews but nvr landed a job
Its nastolgic af! Thats why i still have my account. I like how you kept yours. But that game has been going down the sewage drain for years
i keep hearing its suppose to be a mild winter in the us this year
Yeah i was actually the same i hated it because of all the dumb trends coming from it but i grew to like the content on the app.
Hahaha true that! We just pop down to Okinawa for that its cold af surfing here
Tried that in Sydney and fell till my butt hurts
yea i havent checked up on it for ages. But like Ive said Ive moved on from gaming for the time being.
it takes a special kind of person to live in the concrete jungle
Hurts when you fall on hard snow
Haha yea screw getting in the water when its cold lol!! I like the way the snow looks but then i get sick of it in about 5 days lol
i would like to snowboard one dayyy Think
Lmao they dont have snow do they
Yea yea hea hahahaha out of topic mate
Rejections sucks but its a part of life. Believe in your grind and dont let nobody tell you otherwise!
caleb what do you watch on tiktok? I have been watching the trend where it goes. Oh no the table its broken LMFAOOOO
i tried once and shat myself a bit second time was much better though
PUBG all the way these days my guy!
i havent been hearing about it lately is it any good?
Yeah oof haha so much chaos going down this week bro its crazy! What you think is happening?
The snow is super dry and fluffy here  I dont mind it  except when I get stuck or I wake up late for work with a meter dump
its older now and they have other games out like bloodborn and such i havent been into lately but i loved them bc the game mechanics were challenging to say the least
LMAOOOOO makes me not wanna try PeepoGiggle
We are gonna go back eventually. One day youre gonna be like oh wow. Lets play some osrs rn haha
yea maybe thats why i still got my account haha
good morning guys hows my wyverns fam doing ?
Shiba pump eth ath no good for nfts rn just gotta wait for recovery
Oh my god the its actually funny if you lip sync stuff is the worst. But a lot of the content be catering towards fashion and music that i fw
ohh its look quality !!  am new here !
sup doing well thanks for asking. Hope you are too
lmao.... we get wet heavy snow with muddy ground under it usually
ive lost like 20 ranks over the last few hours
Yes mate i need a new one hahaha do you have a new ine ?
No were just joking bro were in the same country thats why i know what he thinks
great bro had a good sleep hope yall have a great day todayt
holy  the new sneak peek looks insane !!
maintaining rank is the hardest part
lol cant take a break until that name is green
omg beyond stressful at times you die a million times as a new player. the fighting mechanics is very precise you cant just run through a level something will get ya 
Yeah sounds like back home in Australia  icy or muddy
You spent too long to give it up for some monetary gains. Its like a child to you at this point. Same for me. What do you do now after you stopped gaming?
caleb that one is my favorite right now. Do you watch the ones with anime scenes and music playing in the back. Its actually mad cool to see how far anime has come along
Spending all that time on nfts now 
no work for you only wyvern MachoFroge
nah i dont but ngl i get terrible shit post memes more than the fashion and music 
but what makes it so good? im more of a fps person!
i work at cfa there are no bathroom breaks here there are only breaks
Yea thats exactly it. Big ass ice storms sometimes and lots of power outages
You mean the fire breathing wyvern?
Is that kaiju yours on your pfp? I just started nfts about a month ago
caleb thats how you know you are enjoying those terrible memes LMFAO
for me it was the challenge of it. i enjoyed the difficulty and the highs and lows of the journey
Yeah facts I was more talking about the hax lately  pretty wild bro. Seems almost like one group doing it
Are you checking your rank a lot of time ?
That reminds me I need to change to winter tires 
   how has your nft experience been so far since you started a month ago?
awesome dude what do you think about wyverns v. kaiju!
Oh man me too. They are expensive for my truck. It has 35s on it
damn fr? its tuff as hell but mods need to be more cautious when they are part of a big project or any project for that matter its unfortunate how much damage was caused from such small negligence
thanks my man  hal Its following a similar path and its got a great team behind it thats dedicated. Huge potential for wyverns that is for sure.
yeah i know do you play any other games? the witcher 3 elder scrolls etc.
Take a break bro you feel tired.
Man the grind starting to take a toll on me
Stay hydrated if youre grinding all night my man
Thats so cool when i tried to do the riddles discord closed on me and i couldnt even see it until it was over. It was a disaster 
caleb haha honestly this is the most i have ever spoken on a server. The other nfts are invite based which is sketchy because you dont know how much organic people there are. But besides that i am having a blast meeting new people lol. Is that corny?
Wow thats hard just be helpful mate and youl have it
Cant gotta grind it out until I can chill and talk normally
You got to get in the top 200 and then hold that rank until they take a screenshot I think
top 200 by snapshot random time guarantees whitelist otherwise team is actively rewarding users that show organic activity within the server so that people who are at work or busy dont have to stick to computersphones for wl  
Yea i got in real early so had whitelist before all those gamesevents 
Seriously! Its pretty sad that people out there live just to screw other people over too. Seems like we as a society are losing grip on the term good honest living lol
use to play elder scrolls i watched the witcher but havent tried the game is it good?
anyone in here ever tried Pocky ? its a snack
Do you know of bdo? Its sort of like new world lol
Taut sheesh taut. Do you follow anyone in particular for NFTs? Ive been trying to find a good source on information but its like a wild west out there
disgusting ass people fr if you really put honest effort in this community then you can easily make money people will always look for an easy way and harm others in the process though just how some mfs are
maaann you should play the witcher 3 game!! its a no brainer! one of the best game ever made!
Yea thats right mate but if you cant do top 200. Just be a helpful one
Yea and im sure they only went up this yr with how everything else here in the US has been. Inflation is crazy over here man our money is going to be worthless soon. So glad I found crypto. Have the prices of everything went way up over there too?
I have a group of friendsfamily that we all work together and help eachother.
not at all man this is also my first time actually talking in a community for a project. Its a great first experience participating in organic growth as your first project that you want WL for 
This chat popping lol great to see such amazing people come together
Lets gooooo where are you from?
Yeah but if there is money to be made i cant blame them that they are using their skills to their advantage
when this projecet open on discord ???
Yeah bro i feel that you working so hard to get WL
scamming has no excuses its scummy asf and karma will hit em back one day
Pretty sure its just been a couple days bro crazy growth already
ill definitely check it out thanks for the tip.  lately ive gotten into the old nes and snes systems out of the attic. introducing the kids to all the old systems watching them fight over mario kart just like when i was a kid lol
yeah facts some bros need morals
TylerTakesATrip where you ski Ky yes I have
Whats up rock doing very well how are you?
Thats actually awesome. Im scared to talk to others about this because theyre gonna judge me until i make some serious cash you know. Im still in the beginning stages so i dont wanna talk like that and fail.
caleb this is a new wave. If everyone mimics this style. Then nfts are going to the moon
yoooo how you been doing bro? we talked yesterday dance3
Yeah growth has been absolutely insane since
I need that green on my name bro
you still got that old nes?! danggg 878781398566195210
No one wants to put that work in anymore! They just looking for a quick buck with minimal effort. And apparently dont care about risk 
Im as solid as a rock mate any plans for the wweekend?
Yeah they have and taxes are increasing gradually. Thats not good re inflation over there. It does seem like a rather troubling time at the moment kind of on a knifes edge
oh yeah you name it i have atri heck i have a commador 64.
i believe your name will be green in no time i see you conversating all the time!
forreal it is how it is just gotta do your best to be a better person
because its reallt organic . .Everybody looking organic project ...
yea people dont really understand this market nor the potential. Hope you get your big hit soon!
yeah man I remember you how are you? Im doing great just took a mini nap ahah
We in this together i seen you too brodie
Whos watching LAKERS tonight are u? Ky
Big fax i believe in karma too. Aint no way im putting bad karma in the world because i dont want it happening to me lol
Taut thanks man. I tried talking to my coworkers about it but they always brushing it off like how they brush off crypto loool. They think this is the same thing as crypto haha
Yea it really is man! How long have you been in this discord? I just got in here this morning but i havnt left all day lol
insane   the only old system i had was nds and gameboy!
for sure! do rest up ! need that energy to chat PeepoHeart
Thats the way to live my brother 
Hyxder If you are top 200 but already WL do you get another?
Yea its real early too many people are skeptical this does come with its risks after all.
For sure! I like your meka guden. Any good utilities coming out of mekas?
game boy is hard to beat tho my original giant hand held still works. they built them to last back in the day.
I got in yesterday morning man. All other projects have been getting fairly neglected to say the lease
Im doing well! you into any sports or video games?
Some ppl are just messed up and wanna screw with others
We are patiently waiting they say we are getting airdropped a companion and stuff we will see what happens 
nah its 1person theyre trying to keep as many unique holders as possible
When the risk is high so are the rewards. We are going to play nfts like the grand exchange baby!! Haha ifykyk
Thanks fam on my way to success diamond hand worthy
Any of u guys buying this nft dip? If so what are u looking to invest in
cave 2 is for the party people!
probably the most popular meme haha wait can we meme on here now?
yeah did you managed to get your hands on the new switch oled?
U ready to see how westbrick ruin todays game ? Ky
Thats so true! I do love that there are so many people in this community who are just super chill and so willing to help out whoever whenever! People like yourself will help grow the NFT space astronomically.
That is what I have done all day too lol.. I am in a ton of other discords that i normally chat in a bunch but not since I found this. I will stay in here all weekend if I have to lol
I dont have enough capital but I am hoping if I cant get WL for this project I can get a few on secondary for cheap
PltrBagHolder Well still win cause we have Goat James 
yeah community is lit and so many great people here
The only thing Im looking at purchasing today is an etholvant. Super cheap and its a unique project
That sounds cool. What does the companions do?
yeah fr is why i decide to stick around a lot really excited for our future dance3
Idk how lakers are gonna make this work 
guys seriously i only just realised i can engage in the cage 2 aswel LMFAO
no i dont have a switch they are pretty awesome tho do you?
Yea you too wish you the best with this one 
GNaga  WYVERN  nice youre in top 200
Good to know gives some breathing room on top 200
Seriously. Like they dont have anything better to do but ruin peoples lives?  so lame
Lets see if goat James can get this under control
anyone elses discord name their xbox gamer tags 
Not sure yet but its supposed to be a game I believe at some point etcetc I think we will know more after NFT NYC  
Hey guys feel free to reach out to me if youre new and have any questions about the project! 
Is anyone here going to NFT NYC?
yeah dw mod team is always lookin out
Thats their event? Nft nyc sounds sexy
 am fineee.. NEw here bro .tryng to undersand what going  on 
i did have the new v2 was looking to get the new model oled but not much a difference lol
Sounds like a good idea. Ill probably buy some as well
Cant wait to be a long term holder in this community
Its such a young space bro! And if there are smart safe educated people welcoming everyone and helping them become smart too it will be unstoppable.
Thats the way man before you know it you may be green 
SniperCake  look at faqs whitelistinfo announcements giveaways
this is the goat channel once u come here u never go back
Welcome you have found a great community to be a part of!
great team and community! thats whats going on haha
nice i dont blame ya. what have you been playing on it
haha i love that i do love ur pfp aswel 
keep that motivation going !! RESPEKTTT PESHeart
Yeah but I have a feeling it will be pretty high floor prices
I saw their project the other day. Looks dope
ahh okay need to step up my meme game now then
From Norway too far to much logistics and no holidays 
Bro talking about ruining lives what about Oxvampire got hacked
Welcome here bro to cosmic Wyvern fam enjoy and have fun
Wow whitelist was only 90 yesterday now its at 240
Today? Bro everyone is getting it 
theres a channel specifically for memes tho memes
How long you guys been here is it super hard for WL project is sick
A lot of giveaways in between ahha and also one trivia quiz some hour ago
hey how are u ? nothing much just chatting with wyverns fam here
ofcourse no . I am just work on like this projecet .Just organic and qualtiy communication
Its a huge event for all things NFT my impression is thats its THE place to be if you are into or making then 
Its hella cold but its also a very beautiful and full of nature type og country used to complain until I lived abroad now I dont think its so bad  where you from mate?
Is your pfp yours i like that one
Well its kind of going slow lol. Theres still like 2000 left
minse096 i was at the noon trivia. It was so hard to even click the answer choices on my phone. Must use a computer if you want to do trivia
animal crossing lol actually bought it and play for only a couple of days  not really my type thats why i prefer PC
Nice keep doing it mate youre doing great job
Are you super strong? Sorry that might be a stereotype haha
agreed its glitchy on the phone. good to note for the future. was driving anyways so i coudlnt participate
For sure!!! get sum of that H2O in PeepoHeart
me too dude ! will do for coffee
yeah bro just revealed two days ago i like your fpf too haha
Sup just chilling with everybody here
Guys its not a grind its hanging out with the fellas lol
Guden! When is this nft place? The whales are definitely going to be there and there are probably going to be booths to sell these nfts. This is a cool concept. Like a sneaker con concept
nice to meet you   I think we will see eachother here alot of time 
Jeeze thats insane. I hope the hackers get what they deserve man. What they are doing is Vile
Haha is there a stereotype that we are super strong? 
I was a bodybuilder for many years but that was more a personal choice not a Norway thing haha
yeah exactly stay active and help members out! If you have arts skills check out fanart !
PltrBagHolder Ky lets guess westbrick statsline today. I say 15 5 3 and 5 turnovers
likewise! deffo gonna grind in here 
Good just found this project yesterday was busy finally in and gonna chill
big facts though staying active and engaging with the community PeepoHeart
man the price of eth needs to drop soon
Haha yo apex how are you doing fam? They held a lot of giveaways in the am for the other side of the world lmfao
Welcome! What you been up to today? 
Lol 3 certain things in life death taxes and Westbrook getting 5 turnover a game 
Its 14 November in times square mate pretty big thing yeah 
i like how we are all secretey hoping for a retracement and consolidation lol
Its crazy the amounts they get away with
Or people need to drop mint prices on some of these projects its killing the projects how much it is now plus gas
you should be ashamed of yourself. how can u side with this warrior fan MAN
Yep never gets boring in here love it
Yes mate did you know that when you dont drink water for 1 day you will be finding water
Good to know. Thank you for the information
ChankZillaAMG hello chank how are you doing today?
Yeah man big time coming back on them. I really dig your pfp man thats sick!
Cant even swap USDC  GAS is more than what I wanna swap
gas is relentless man. its brutal
If we all keep this up we will all be on the wl before we know it!!
yea thats also true projects cant keep making 0.08 mint price when ETH and gas are thru the roof theyre killing their own projects
yeah man gas is rough these days
PeepoGiggle  for sure I will be finding water I should hydrate myself as well hehe
PsycoSmurf  awesome so many cool channels ser jokes pets food movies  make sure to check giveaways frequently they are snraky
havent seen gas go down in the last few days mang
Hes right unfortunately. Westbrook is so bad 
We got this just keep talking to the community and be engaged in the project shouldnt be that bad
Yeah Im just waiting for projects to move over to IMX for the fee reduction but also it depends on the project like this project is worth the gas 
last time i fought a shark with my barehands
its ok Goat James will put WB in his place
Dude seriously! It is insane! When you start throwing triple digits around of eth 
For new Wyverns joining us check out announcements   faqs for detaisl on the project.
Shiba is still ripping through gas with all the transactions
Praying that things will get better!  
Yea I agree man I think we will get hand chosen if we jsut keep it up in here
doing good! grinding for this WL
I sold my kaijus cause I like this project more lol
Thanks fam! Its actually a picture my son made on the computer! What you up to bro?
Discord is already almost at 7k 
Wow so nice. Just grinding tbh and developing a sniper tool for Sol hbu?
Ya discord is growing fast ill never make WL lol
i feel that its gonna reach 7k within 3 hours PeepoHeart
Wow it was 5k yesterday! And to think its all organic
Yeah almost 7k your welcome mate
Maybe  Im everywhere bro  Morchize oh nice fam! How is that coming along for you?
Dont worry fam you got this! You are a day earlier than most people here
That sounds very interesting DM me so I can keep with your project might need that tool in not so long!
What would you rather a punk or a genesis cyber kong
I will stick in cave 2 for the moment. Eyes spasm in cave 1
Ya but didnt really start to talk in here until today been busy gotta make that top 200 lol
KEKWaddle  I love their username too
Lol good to see you still here buddy still waiting for my food delivery bud
Sheesh sorry fam! What did you order again?
Top 200 cut off is probably around level 11 right now. Everybody slowing down. LFG
Its hard for me I think Id go a genesis cyber kong
never can rest till WL BLESS ME 
I was J Walk ing my big Jabooty  LOL if u get it
Rank 700 right now lol long ways to go
me too bh the passive income is huge
Id go with a genesis kong personally
I was just there yesterday. Where are you from fam
I really enjoy it here though everyone is super positive 
From US but moved to ireland couple months ago WBzu
Agreed ! I would go for a Genesis Kong as well because of the passive income AND because with time its only going to get more valuable and who knows they might become even more valuable than Punks if any greater utility is introduced to the project.
Lol I get it brother how you doing still not slept yet bud?
i assumed everyones watched squirt game?
i love it here you guys are better than my real friends irl
Thanks haha it seems to be pretty popular. DEATHWISH my brain is moving too slow for you to be making me laugh like that bro 
smile  that typo tho but yea ive watched squid game hehe
fax! team and community is great
Started school in buffalo. Stayed for the experience. Why did you move to ireland?
Hello im pretty good how about you mate?
Yall think btc will go to 100k this year
Thatd be nice lets hope so. What time is it over there?
Wife was born here but never really got to live her so we came so she could connect with her roots
Yeah I agree! The potential is so insane imagine another spike to there passive income when the bull run comes
Bro nope they installing air con so loud! 26 hours awake now its 1pm I got wirk again 11pm
Nice bro goodluck to your work do your best
There can be multiple spikes really because they can introduce more utility to the project which allows the owners to get more gains of all sorts.
Thats awesome of you man. What have you been up to in ireland?
All channels can get XP? Anyone knows?
Where were you before NY just enjoying the beauty
Its 8 pm and Ill have to get off of here soon to put the kids to bed and eat dinner but I get up super early and will probably be back at it by 3am my time
Yes you can get XP in any channels
Oh dope! 5pm here! Where you from G?
I lived in nyc all my life. Are you retired?
Good idea get some rest before a big push. Family time then your time you know the drill 
Thats insane mate you should try as your not gonna survive for work lol
Everything is sold old and nice im out in the countryside so way different then when i was in us i lived 15 mins from boston so it was very populated  na im only 36 just made the jump lol
Chicago the best city in the world
o snap ! ive lived in NYC all my life too party
Yep that is what I love about them but I think the punks are safer bet in terms of volatility
lol i walked in the cave at the right time
How is it to actually live there? Media makes it out to sound so scary in the US 
Just waitinf on visa so i can get back to working but for now doing crypto and NFTs
I know man they making to much noise drilling and stuff Im about to drill them soon
Really? I know that Punks can multiply in value as well and they can be worth 10s of millions who knows but safe side I would go for Kongz. 
good morning bud. how r u doing???
for sure NYC rlly do b xpensive to live in pepesad
Yep exactly what Im thinking man. All day push tomorrow!! Hopefully I will see you back in here
only 10 away from 6800 members lets get it gang
For sure if my wife doesnt kick my ass 
Lol i would love to own any of these projects maybe one day lol
Oh word! I have only been in the Chicago airport! Im from AZ. You always lived in Chicago?
rlly do be tough living here  there are rats all ova the train tracks  here and there PepeHands PeepoEek
Yeah always lived here just went to PHX 3 weeks ago
Ofcourse! I would as well! We were talking about in theory that if we had the option what we would get!  Hahah. The dream right now is to become part of the NEXT Kongz or Punks that would multiple in value like that so we are at the ground level of it already. Because that is the only practical thing possible.
Oo dam it mustve been a hard year covid and all. Man! I wish you the best of luck sir.
I only think that personally because they will always be known as the og where I feel like if one project was to disappear from them 2 it would be the kongz
its a bit early for me on the west coast but im planning on getting some Indian or Mediterranean food tonight
Shes been a bit fed up of my grinding lol
Lol you not got any headphones or anything?
bro i been craving indian food today too
Wishing all the fam a good daynight
What celebrity would you rate as a perfect 10?
Thanks ya we just came here right when restrictions were up it pushed our move back a yr though
Was pretty good just found out about this project from ryandcrypto. How was your day?
im tryna get some garlic naan and chana masala
Honestly I agree with you. This is more likely. The OG project always has a better stable value than anything else so Ill side with you here!
Same here man lol... I had just told her I had enough good white list and then I seen this. Looks like we are staying home this weekend too lol
Only my ear pods do shit all lol
LMFAOOO yaa smile prettypepepuke
Reminder! messaging us and asking for a wl spot will def not get you a whitelist spot XD. If you think youve grinded a lot then be patient and we will notice you messaging us will only make us think you are grinding for the wl spot only and not for the community interaction thanks 
There you go we agree in every aspect lol
Good night tonight for activities no?
Do you guys have a farm and chickens? Haha i had to ask since you said youre living in the country side right now
Nice bro im good keep doing it mate many slots left so meaning chances left to get a WL spot
Lmao right!? She went to her friends place with 3 of our kids last night. I got one baby winning
For real bud thats rubbish hope you get some sleep soon 
lmao I would be wigging out if that happened
Haha we do not but tons of them here ton and tons of sheep everywhere ireland is known for their wool
Oh nice! What brought you over here?
Hahah smart people tend to agree.  Haha. Small question what is the most valuable thing about the EMETH Project that attracts you which makes you bullish about it?
Me too did you saw the sneak peaks?
been grinding val i wonder how much my ranking dropped lol
She definitely drew the short straw
To be honest bro I havent even looked at the project me and my mate share this discord as we are business partners and run our business through discord. That project is his haha I am all in here
grinding in the car? i respect it
Oh hes an admindev on the project really? That sounds pretty cool! Ive seen many people have the PFP so I got curious and got into the discord but havent seen anything properly either.
Yup hopefully we all will be able to get in to the WL spot! Just have to continue to be helpful and interact with people here!
You just hear baaah baaaaaah everyday. Do you not go crazy because of the constant baahing LOL
Ah word! How you like it over here? Weather should have been pretty good! Yall do anything fun while you were out here?
Well I think Im going to get off of here for the night and get back at it when I get up.  Good luck on that wl spot man. I hope to see you green when I come back!
I was actually wondering about something does anyone know if they will include these rare ones that are animated in the ones we mint or do a auction like kajius did?
More people to chat it up and talk to! Rather than having 1 cave which gets clogged
Yes thats the only way for sure.
Been good chatting mate. All the best and happy grinding may see you later !
Just saw that legendary is so sick
Im not to close to any of the farms thank God
so far away but i gotta make it
Oh no sorry that is his project he is trying to get hahaha sorry bad wording by me. Yeah I see them everywhere. Havent had time to look yet been in here 247 lol
Yea I like that its pretty dope tbh still crazy in here which is lit
Why is there 1 minute cooldown. It doesnt matter cus i live the vibes
dropped from 205 to 255 all cause i had school and two doctors appointments   Ky 
Twas nice! Went to some arcade bar
For real though. You literally go to every channel and its pretty active
LMFAO. Thank the lord haha. Do you go hunting at all? What is there to do in ireland?
Its so good right? Thats fire  bro LfG
yeah its nice being able to socialize without people spamming Lets goo or time to grind lmao
Been a real good talk buddy!! I hope I see you tomorrow.. Have a good day man
So you got the WL for it yet or no? What exactly is the WL process for this specific NFT?
Without the 1 minute cool down messages will be flying around too quickly! 
Lol i. Havent seen much to do besides going to the pub lol
Hello I see you everywhere haha
See you tomorrow. Have an awesome day.
whitelistinfo  should tell you everything 3
Damn Im lower than you now hehe
sneakpeek is so sick if i couldl stay there all day I would
just buy fake grass and put it in your room
0.05. if no ones answered you yet. Welcome to cave 2
hahaha yeah i go where the crowd takes me pretty much. i am trying some new stuff out now haha. giving imx a break till some good stuff comes out.
I need a legendary so bad bro ill fr shit myself
For real or like WGMI and just a hello nice conversations all around
How do I check my rank or whatever?
AOT fire show ngl top 5 anime all time
Is it hard to get in the top 200 cause Ill dead ads spend my whole day in here
lol maybe ill just go touch grass with one hand and chat in the other haha Morchize not  for long wbandana  
slow roasted pot roast is on the way I love grubhub lol
hey Danny  we can get whitelist by grinding to top 200 level?
Literally no nothing bro I havent even looked at there discord my mate is into it I am just focussing in here at the moment. But it does seem to be getting a lot of interest
ico Guden I was talking about a different project dude.  Hahah but thanks anyways! But I know the way to get WL here! Just be engaging and have fun and honestly that is all I am doing and the time passes like no other.
Oooo have you met anyone interesting?
Thanks for spending your time with us my friend sleep well
dudeeee that would be insane I think im gonnna get lucky here tbh
Yea its amazing. I finished it in 2 weeks lollll.
We are all doing our part grinding in this war
I wouldnt call it hard I get to chat with nice people and learn about their interests lives and region. Its quite fun it is time consuming though. 
I dont have much hope for getting top 200. But mods are creepers. Always watching....looking for genuine community engagement and bless with WL
i should watch it. Had a few friends say its really good
this almost sounded like you meant it badly
Hard no requires commitment yes
Lol define interesting theres some crazy hick like drunks at the pub all the time lol
Thats one way! There are also other methods such as participating in the giveaways or memes etc. Being helpful and contributing to the community here will be considered too!
Yeah we are all probably under 3k
Only looking through the sneak peaks and its so crazy how much detail cant wait for the drop also thanks VeroSolo and ico
Just chilling in here man do our part for the project
Get it bruh  Ill be cheering for you! 
Its amazing. Also guys. Whats the point of the cave and the cave 2
Aot is amazing one of my favorite animes
Hey dude! Werent we just talking in the Furballs server? 
The good thing is they actually will check for bot so the levels grinding will be smooth
and i for you fren there are 10 triplemonkas
Been hard to find really good projects there so much out there now hard to know which is worth the time to put into
One chat makes it hard to talk cause messages are flying
Are the quizzes random times every day ?
Its to spread the load of messages I believe!  there were just too many messages going on two days ago and it can get overwhelming!
Whats the funnieststupidest thing they have said? LOL
How was yalls friday so happy its the weekend
Ok thanks. Also where can I check my rank?
Loving it more! where are you from Morchize
hehe welcome to the wyvern disc man! it is tough getting two whitelists at the same time Kek
Yea especially cause the timer is pretty long but the facts its still crazy is jokes imagine it with no timer lol
Ahm yeah bro if they want to that they will
pretty good so far you got any plans?
Hello everyone! RyanD brought me here
Lol idk i dont understand drunk irish
Hahaha. Exactly we so early. Look how  many spots left plenty for all who are serious about this project who are here  rn.
sidsaver hahah. Yea love mods here. Always on the lookout.
Yess! My mission first is green name! Then cheer for cool Wyvern 
I love the art on this project and Im also very picky so this is good
Hahaha well you already got the WL here dude. So youre halfway done?  When did you join the Furballs discord how long you been active there? Btw its a golden project and you should definitely work hard to get it.
Nice bro welcome to the Cosmic wyvern. Enjoy and have fun here you can check the details about how to get WL here announcements
i never grind for whitelist until this project lol
Cali More specifally the bay area have you lived in Illinois your whole life?
I joined yesterday and have been active when i can definitely will try my best to get! kinglove
Yep IL my whole  life wbu and Cali?
thats ok i am like 320 or smth hope WGMI
Yea. Its pretty hard to rank up. Im still not even ranked lol. Ill get there eventually though
Damn Id be jumping up and down running naked down the neighbourhood if I saw my name go green lol well Im going to watch a movie with the fam talk to yall in a bit
wow thats pretty good im way behind
No need to grind bro just vibe here
Cali my whole life moved cities a little more than 4 years ago went from San Jose which is over populated and forming into infinite apartments to a smaller town and we have 2 acres of land hard change but a great one
Anyone went to any concerts lately
Thank you. What is the difference between the cave chats?
Yea. Spread good positive vibes.
Sheesh sounds dope very private huh
Out of the sneak peeks what is yalls favorite so far?
Theres no difference. Its just based on preference
Still not bad! Dont focus too much on levels. Theres more than 1000 wl spots....just hang out in the VIP cave. What u up to this weekend?
And alot give aways also so stay tune
Yeah fairly private you have to drive everyhere tho
cant wait for the website to drop. Should tell us a lot more
About to engage in some festivities rn
Wow thats awesome ! They bless a lot of people every day ?
The vibes in this discord  immaculate.
As long as theres no traffic might be nice?
I think fire took the cake this round what do we havew to do to get another sneakpeek 
So put in work every day for as many hours as possible and dont write generic messages or simple one actively take part in conversations of all sorts and the mods will notice you for sure! There is no rank requirement just need to stand out as someone engaging in a positive great way!
Yeah sorry I work full time and unable to grind but will try to make it to the events! I enjoy participating
whats going on peeps  new to this project looks fireeeeee
A good discord community makes for a great NFT project
Yes and no if you touch the freeway which is 10 minutes away then extreme traffic most of the day still in the bay area.
Welcome to the team! Check out announcements and whitelistinfo to get a better idea of how you can be whitelisted! Do join us for our conversation and discussion too! 
i grinded to like high 200s went to sleep and back down to  300 L
id be concerned if fire didnt look fire
Yeah bro theres a lot of giveaways they give in this morning
Yup totally agree. A great engaging discord makes an amazing NFT project. Lets go boyssss and girls
whats worse LA traffic or Bay area traffic
spittting straight facts out here
KAIJU KINGZ 2.0?!  PLUG PASS  THE BEST ALPHA NFT!
Check out my NFT Project The Dark Odyssey
Discord  httpsdiscord.ggf7VuzT3dJ4
Twitter  httpstwitter.comDarkOdysseyNFT
My Patreon! Early access to projects I talk about in these videos  ALPHA discord 350 max members!  exclusive giveaways  whitelist access!
My personal discord httpsdiscord.gg...
Haha dont worry youll bounce back up quickly stay engaged
pepefast niceee  cant wait for more
I have noticed cave 2 definitely has better convos haha at first thought they were the same
Shoot well as long as it was for the better glad you are happy!
Me too just 1 kiddo tho. Hold old?
Hahahah that time will come dude.  Dont think about it too much! Were all early here so just need to have the excitement to engage and well all gucci!
LA by far doesnt even compare it does get bad sometimes though. But LA still has traffic when highways are 57 lanes wide lol
Morchize Agreed parents really like it here this was their dream.
Grind is about to make my Gf GTFO  
cave 2 is what cave 1 wishes they were
yes sir have not given it up since i joined dance3
Why are there two different caves?
My son is 1 trick or treating he 6 but i have 14 yr old and 16yr old girls
Two caves cuz too many convos yuh
Indeed! The success of a project depends on the community and its great to see we have such a strong community!
just to split up the chats to make it bearable to read
Where is the art inspired from?
Exactly you in college or highschool maybe graduated college?
lmao i always avoid going to LA
in 2 weeks theres going to be a war between the caves the victor will keep their channel while the other dissapears
Always thinks theres someone else... Haha 
its more relaxed here slower pray
Wohooo we have passed the 7k members mark!!!!  Welcome to everyone who just joined! Let us know if you have any questions about this project!
Can we please add this to the lore? Because it actually sounds so cool! Haha.
Thats a relief. My eyes cannot keep up with those spams chats
Nice. Hope you gonna make it bro
This. LA has traffic almost 247 now. 
PsycoSmurf  ah I have a 2 year old. Theyre fun when theyre little and we can dress them up. Good luck with the teenagers tho. I dread when shes a teen
does rank change base on your activity?
wow and the night is still young
Morchize Senior year so far so good. What did you study in college?
Will u tell me congrats when i get my WL?
I just saw Charizard at sneakpeak 
yeah fr cave 1 has more bots in it too so its nice here Kek
I hope you all doing well. Remember to always check for announcements  to keep updated!
Awesome effort and ppl who want to be here too!
Nice almost done! Computer Science!
haha thanks but im sure the devs got something better planned
i remember you from earlier still holding on? see youre enjoying yourself
Yup! We are all still early!!! Awesome to see so many new people joining the team!
Soon brother. Just keep chilling here and you will be recognised.
also just chilling. about to go to sleep
Appreciate it. I will do the same to u
Haha ya teens suck espicially girls i loved that age for sure
yes! stick around and you might get a WL!
watch were going to hit 8k by midnight
Hahaha well I wanted to throw in my hat for your support!
Thats quite a feat how did you like it. Ive heard its tough
Yeah sometimes mods handpick people who have been contributing to thhe community.
Right back at ya hope youre doing great
ive been here the whole day haha. Definitely am enjoying this community
right so i saw in the annoucements
cheers mate ill name my first born dragon after you
Yeah manually or reach top 200 bro until the deadline
I used to think people who play games or on computer all day wont make it in life. With NFTs and crypto that has changed my mindset and Ive become one of them
Top 200 is crazy. I dont have that kinda time lol
we all grinding to top 200 an stay top 200 need to sleep like a goldfish eyes always open!!
It is! The community is on fire and we are barely a few days old. Let us know if you have any questions on the project and do check out giveaways or triviaquiz for the chance to win WL opportunity!
Private college so smaller classes made it ez plus i got a way with skipping class and shit lol just naturally good at it
Feels so great seeing an active community fair and organic
Yessir I think we are the best organically
idk if ill make it or not but ill give it the ol college try
superwasheddevil lol hahah you making me laugh bro
you guys have done well to make it this way 
are you the actual official csales
That seems a lot better lol Im planning on majoring in business management not a 100 on it tho
what is the difference between cave  1 and 2 frends
definitely is easier with good mods. so great to see you guys reward people while always being so vigilant
We lal made it possible. Cheers!
the most fair ive seen any community be
Growth is insane. Its been 2 days and already up to 7K with no invite competition!
DO it for the girls and you will be perfectly fine
Anyone here watches skip and Shannon ?
cave 2 is chiller and chat msg doesnt go by quick. And everyone here is cool af
i havent seen it i guess im putting squid movie on soon tho
Hahaha well my name is actually Muiz so if you like the name go for it. 
For all those who are new be sure to check out announcements and whitelistinfo  for information on the project and on how to get WL
I think im trying for the top 200 and artwork
Thats true ill chat in here more than cave 1 lol
Its always about giving what people deserves
yeah this is such an underrated aspect. no invite competition growth is so meaningful. WE ARE BULLISH
Yup! It is super amazing to see so many new members and it is all organic growth!
not much just got back from gym am eating dinner now yourself?
Take your time choosing you have time
I know right! What a community!
nice seals!! whats their floor rn?
egg tart  i def need a workout in what day was it for you
Yeah I know business has always interested me though more or less figuring out what specific variety of business and possible a minor
dr cheek clapper great name geez
no worries bro. Did you join recently?
Thank you! Not the greatest atm. But I am bullish on them
did you intentionally choose a white wyvern because your name is a salt compound lol? the chemistry nerd in me is dying to know
yh lmao idek how your name just seemed familiar Muiz where are you from
Yeah just now lol few min ago you?
Nice to hear that you have a good dinner what did you eat?
i am green omg wthug  thanks team!
Haha yes!  reminds of my first night here when the messages were just flying around non stop
i wish i was here on the first night!!
Knowing is not enough we must apply. Willing is not enough we must do
dope. think i need to get a leg workout in!
Dr. CheekClapper always great to see a fellow doctor
Been here for two days just vibing out. Great seeing new faces every time D
Great idea. They have alot planned. I fully trust the community
Excited to see how big this community will get when launch comes around. Only way is up from here on out. rocketblastoff
im gonna try to get my rank under a thousand
hahaha unfortunately im a fake doctor so no one should ask me for any medical advice
Thats the plan. I just hope everything goes well just thinking about college stressed me tf out lol
Imagine how much faster chat will move in a week
Lets just say coincidence? Haha its nice to meet people who are into chem
Hi fellow hatchlings im new so im probably not early but so good to be here!
Wohooo congratulations! Great job there!
Im from Pakistan dude and its just your usual muslim name. There are millions of Muiz in the world. Haha. Not a special name in any way.
its flying man we gonna be at 8k soon brotha
Hahaha man I cant even see anything in there. Major grind mode
hopefully i can make wl in time
whats the diff between cave and cave 2?
yeah same most of the recent imx projects havent been that good imo so looking elsewhere at the moment
ey no way so am i you been watching the cricket?
We all going to make it! Just stay positive and contribute
It will dont worry college is fun af
Its not easy to comprehend. I took some courses and became a druggist
well with all the coursework done itd be a waste to forget. glad to see we got chemistry from sharing a chemistry background hehe
no doubt love seeing this consistent growth
cave 2 is more chill and msg arent flying
egg tart gotta get everything worked on. legs def the toughest
Hey buddy welcome! We are all still early! Check out whitelistinfo to find out how you can get a chance to be whitelisted!  This project has a lot of potential!
yeah whats up homie just went to play a game of val
loving all the good energy here
was never good at chemistry PepeLookinRough
definitely just gotta keep grinding! they see active members 
Hyxder  wild how organic it is  love it
I miss all the girls from college ico
I cant wait to see what art they have next too!
Hahaha almost went blind reading
The whitelist is definetely worth it tbh
woah even cave 2s chat is almost flying as fast as cave 1 now eyess
graduated two yeas ago enjoy your college days my man!
yessir. you getting them gains?
cave 1 goes crazy haha alotta messages flying thru
same need a legendary sneek peak
yall think this project is going to be huge?
Hahaha yes Ive been watching Cricket! My home nation been playing well so why not! They never play this good so. 
Yap am amazing community were all building here
I wonder what the average age of everyone is in here !
Hello my friend welcome to Cosmic Wyvern have fun and enjoy here if you want to know the details about WL just go here announcements
yea we need that cave 3 czsmirkcowboy
Seeing how the NFT world has been. Probably all ages!
lmfao got a girlfriend 2 years in 2 days hopefully everything works out been going through tough times hopefully I wont have to think about college girls haha
where do you go by any chance ?
 Dr. CheekClapper actually havent gone
DURDEN I hope you are right set
yea bro thanks i totally agree! heaps of potential for this one!
Lmfao I feel that I got a girl too
fair enough its definitely not for everybody
I just hope Im not the oldest hhaha
Headup bro well get through thhis
Very high chance! The community is always a key ingredient for a successful project. Just look at how active everyone is here! We are selecting diamond hands to be part of the whitelist and I am sure this will do incredibly well!
slightly more chill chat I think haha
this is where all the cool people go
Not much just chilling with the best community
Yeah bro very promising that is why i like this project
We can build chemistry in here were fam!
its crazy how fast its growing too!
Dr. CheekClapper yeah im kinda grinding on my own tbh and have done pretty well so far. where do u go?
caleb whats up brotha ! i wanted to play val for so long tbh. and
lets get us Wyverns to the moon and beyond!
Morchize I just cant tell if im falling out of love or if its just been 2 years and things are just different yk anyways that was my ted talk haha
Although its fun to see all the questions
Just jump back and forth between 1 and 2 thatswgat im doing
true haha I guess I can be good at that
The cave 2 is just a little bit slower ig
Hopefully they will start purging bots
Good old American Chinese take out. Boneless spare ribs and lo mein
petition to move thecave2 above thecave
cave 2 is easier to keep up with
Sometimes you want new new even though you love ur girl
for sure!! we finally reached 7k members !! eyess
Feeling great and amazed as ever. Hope you guys feel the same
absolutely! where are you from fellow hatchling?
a strong community is so important and I can see that here
yeah its fun to respond to people and help them in there hard to have a convo with the chat flying tho 
MAGNESIUM  thats good glad to hear !
Feeling great fam just hungry rn
great team i think they will do a good job
A good community uplifts each other!
This cave seems to have a more reasonable pace. 
Yes feeling overwhelmed with this amazing community! Were like a family
i wish man but i havent gone. 3 years out of high school too
Very true many people looking for high ranks now
Were are to help were for the community
Yeah been feeling different the past month or so waiting for it to go away hoping our anniversary in 2 days will make things better if not. Well.... I guess we find out right
found out about this server this morning Hong Kong so couldnt be better  which timezoenn are you in
good ! love the pfp you still holding a donut? i still got one
steal from sneakpeek like i did
Yes the community is on fire here! I am in a few different groups and so far this group is on a different level!
i graduated from ucla two years ago with a major in pharmaceutical chemistry and a minor in international business worked as a life science analyst for a year and a half and now im starting a new job in 2 weeks at a healthcare AI startup in silicon valley!
Cave 1 is very fast! With the 1 minute cool down its pretty hard to maintain a conversation! Cave 2 is a lot easier 
Yeah man I was in the same situation dont let it go if you really love her tho
if you go to college go for the experience. and use college as a resource for what you wanna do in life. if you dont know yet its fine youll figure it out down the line
I got 2. Its so early for the donuts. Team is great. Project will pop off in NovDec
But dude both caves have the same cooldown? 
Type 1 if ur bullish on this project
Im surprised how fast this project is blowing up
I could tell already but thanks for clearing it up hahahaha love bro 
think cave 2 moves slower not people in cave 1
yessir you guys are amazing ! appreciate it
payamsal  yessir they havent released their coin yet have they? i love that team
Too busy in main chat lol came here
Just not sure if its love and the fear of losing her or the fear of not having a girl yk its just been so  long since ive been single idk what to feel.
great to have you man hope you enjoy it
Damn sounds interesting! happy for u
you stole my joke! and didnt even give me credit for it smh
More people are chatting in Cave 1 by the looks of it haha
Oh i see. Yeah bro... so cave 2 is better right?
Yeah both caves has the same cooldown
What is your level man? I always see you around haha
i think he is top 1 on leaderboard
thats the type of Magnesium that I wanna swallow
There are more to come stay tuned!
Mods are the truth here no doubt
i feel like when that drops floor on them will go up alot
cant fail if you dont stop trying
Cant wait! Thanks for the opportunity!
Welcome bro check out announcements
i prefer cave 2 personally its harder to keep a conversation going in Cave 1! More people in there!
whats is the differnce between caves?
Thats the hard part its not that simple.
this is just the beginning eyeshake2
Nothing just chiller hhere i guess
wow any teasers? Aint been this excited for a project in a long time
Ya probably. That seems to be the case with all those projects
The surpising thing is its only 7k members now! Imagine what 100k chat looks like
Yeah it is crazy growth over the last two days  and it is all organic growth! Cant wait to see where this will bring us
That would make a lot of sense hhaha
this is one of the reasons why i prefer Cave 2 as well ! PeepoHeart
Yep.  Honest and up front.  Come through the chillcave too much slower vibe
forsure! the team they got and community gonna boost it aswell 100 p you got a couiple rare ones?
Yeah i think so goodluck brother
I feel that . Attachment is real
No difference except cave 2 is better
Wonder what top 1s messages look like lol
so chatting helps for the whitelist?
is the gap between u and 2 still 10k?
And of course helping the community the most no pointless spam!
Ugh didnt mean to sent that emo actually.
bro thats absurd good for you! amazing wow. ucla was always a dream
Yeah chatting and be helpful to to other will help you
yep people are about to start talking about this project
Ohh yeah that point is true but I find it equally comfortable to chat in both because its all about chatting and talking be it for different topics in each chat!
jeeeeesus do you have a guess of when they will take the snapshot of 200 most active?
I think the whole project will just go to whitelist
Youre right bro it helps a lot and also community engagement bri
its almost like we need a cave 3 and 4  lol
The 2 at the time has a diff of 13.3k exp rn and the current 2 is 12.1k exp away
Well if you contribute enough you can noticed by mods
what is the difference between these two chats?
Yeah its scary how real it really is.
No just commons. Now a good time to snag a few more but Im low on ETH rn
Just stay active and eventually youll make it brother
Indeed we are! Now we just need to find a seat in the rocket 
ok i think this is the fastest chat i ve been
Same! Wyverns getting the recognition they deserve! 
thanks bro! you been here for long?
A rank that isnt high enough yet lol
Definitely quality over quantity!
i can contribute vibes but not much else does that count
thanks dude! its been a wild ride. i have the next 2 weeks off so just trying to get my feet as wet as i can in the nft space
pretty good really excited about this project
bahaha yeah my homie hyxder is super active and hes 1 on the leaderboard for a reason
love the utility behind this project to
LMAOOO facts thooo my eyebaws r pleying ringsaroundrosies w. me rn omgsmile
how many legendary wyverns will we see?
trust me I will this is THE project for me!
wassup dude. just chilling wbu?
no idea to be honest they said its random could happen at any time
yeah i probably would of snagged a rarer one but i bought when price was a big higher 
Nickulot  same im stoked how long you been in the discord?
Further than the moon at this point
sheesh brother good to see you here like always. Keeping that number one spot I see haha
Hows everyones halloweekend going
awesome so far. Hope yours is as well
no idea they stated at any random time just keep the engagement going PESHeart
we still super early i see them opening a 345 in the coming days KekW
What yall think of the desperate apewives?
Really spooky costumes out here
waiting for it to start! 1 more hour of work....help guys! amuse me
just chilling about to go eat something. wbu?
TKBit Dr. CheekClapper holanihao ty sounds cool PepeHoldMe
Whats the different from cave 1 to cave 2?
Many people want to join a community. We are looking for a good home
MAGNESIUM does a wyvern generate breath by me holding it or do i need to stake it?
Yeah thats right and 5 breath will recieved everyday
Sitting in the Autumn sunshine try to use my laptop and ignoring the glare. How about you ?
Like far enough that we can smell Uranus?
Take a deep breathe and enhale the tokens
Yes everyone has a chance check announcements and whitelistinfo good luck and welcome to the most amazing community!
LMAOOO omg big facts dough KEKWaddle KEK  my eyeballs when im reading cave 1 chat logs  aPESTripleEyes
10k by the end of the weekend no doubt
Wyvern  Prodigy ay thats good to hear can never grind enough
what is THE costume this year? squid games? all the different Lokis?
To spread out the load of message! If not things will move too fast like my first day here two days ago  we may need a room 3 soon at the rate we are growing!
Cave 2 is just better lol more chill and just a vibe overall
Feel like eveyrone is going as squid game haha
no need to be scared only 2553000 whitelist spots taken right now and there are still going to be tons of opportunities for whitelist apart from activity contest in the near future we had trivia today and 2 giveaways and regardless of whether top 200 or not the team is giving whitelist to people who are showing honest engagement. Keep at it fam youll get there
haha i feel like everyone is going as squid game
Im not sure what I was saying.. Had breakfast and id a couple of quick chores.. cant stay away from here for too long
We can definitely smell Uranus alright
awesome as you should mann. keep it up. very inspiring !
Whats up my friend? Hows your day?
Yeah hope not tooooo many others discover the secret lol
Everyone here is the best! With the best community
so just live on this discord for a couple days?
Damn wonder whens the mint gonna be
Lots of squid games guards out here lol
welcome back brother where did you go?
5 breath is just 5 breath for legal sec purposes right
i dont know yet. about to open the fridge to find out lol
AbsoluteZer0 nothin different ngl
PSA remember to turn off private message allowed in server.this prevents scammers from getting into your DM
is the delay in time I can send a message getting longer?
kekw anyways its 2am rn ill catch everyone tomorrow gn all
Welcome back buddy how was breakfast?
not for a while growth has been so insane people forgot the discord was just made 3 days ago we still have a long way to go!
Yes almost half in my party wore squid games lol it was baddd
im loving the sneak peeks so far but a chinese dragon inspired Wyverns would be AWESOME! Going back to my roots of chinese heritage
Looking likely.. theres gonna be a lot more people jumping on  The Weekend is HERE !!
trueee we have to be lowkey about it
Im going to have a nap be back later
At work actially was busy but now ok. Working nivhts
pho shore !! gn ill catch u later! PeepoHeart
hahahah i get what you mean. its like a VIP section in here
Yes the growth is just amazing man. When I joined 36 hours ago we were around 4K members? We should be doubling that in just a few hours time. Amazing!
yeah that is correct we should end the night comfortable at 8k
PltrBagHolder Apex  I guess its super easy huh? still havent watched tho. Ive got a todder so paw patrol and disney princesses over here
Wow even with 60s slow the main chat is still rushing mad
so in what level you get whitelisted?
a lot of yall soundin like bots rn  KEKW
naw i heard about it tho is it going off?
Projected to be 2nd or 3rd week of November
A youtuber posted a video so its going to gain traction. Awesome pfp as well will attract attention.
nahhh its like 250 AM around here. but im really hungry so im about to eat something adn them head to bed
ooooooh actually a great idea! Im not artsy at all but hey what have i got to lose right?
Check on website using officiallinks
Ive had Kaiju owners say they love the art on these wyverns sooo lfgggg
Yup plus these are all organic growth!!! Which I think that is why our community here is on fire  everyone is super enthusiastic!
Dc I aint kno yall say no kizzy out der
Yeah but its most people trying too hard to get noticed because since WL is by contribution and not by level so theyre just trying to get to top 200 or just as high a level as they can
who posted a video on the project?
Ty just changed my name to already show loyalty
We love the Kaijuz too! hope people dont try to make us compete the wyvern team is actually looking to collaborate with them in the future should Kaijuz wish to!
Whats yalls favorite mint style. Kaiju puzzle thing was kinda cool. But impossible
Sup mate hows you doing right now?
oh really? i did not know that guess some people are working for that then
it was fun but way too hard if u did it solo
Ah changing to thecave2  as cave 1 is flooded man
community growing fast as we are typing rn PeepoHeart shakecolors
what is the difference between chill cave and the cave?
or do people usually have to be like super good at drawing or otherwise its a waste of timeeffort?
cant wait staking utility has to be my favourite!
it might be a northeastern thing now haha
my friend started saying it and now i cant stop
we growing fast wow already 7200
Good to hear!! They are amazing
might be a bit calmer here haha
hahaha im just super excited and bullish. trying to learn as much as i can!
is there a place to check rank?
loool def a northeast type of thing
Praying on it Kaiju has a super strong community as well would fit well with us 
doin good just took and nap and we back  Boondon
Ya I did solo. Was over before I even figured out what was going on lol
oh cool ive heard of him imma check out the video! Gl on WL btw
Damn that would be actually sick
huh? i was wauiting for your response did i jmiss it?
soonTM the speed in cave2 will be just on par with cave 1 PeepoGiggle
RyanD is OG man hes very early on good projects
We will announce all about tokenomics upon mint
ohhh that sounds nice i was veryy tempted to take a nap too but ended up stay up playing games LOL
2 legged dragon w pointy tail. i googled it
they usually have a diamond tipped tail
any info about the next trivia is?
I didnt see it at vape shop ico
this project be big mark my words boys
im excited for it would live to be in
got it thanks for always being so prompt with responses!
why people send bots in? to auto grind for them?
No doubt. Exciting to see this grow
Omg sounds nice sir im so excited.
im doing good as well wow these chats be poppin off frfr
yes people send bots to send messages automatically that is not allowed here
i forgot there was tokenomics dogkek
Have fun everyone! See you soon.
yeah and really proud to be an early supporter  under 10 k
why do i not know what posh is lol wth
also ShihTzu overlooking the community on mobile rn
fax! gonna need cave 3 soon hahaha
Good mornjng bro nice to see you here
mfkers wanna get free lunch!! L
haha i been reminiscing playing wizard101 but i usually play valorant or lately back 4 blood hbu?
Hahaha yea looks like the discord is growing super quickly
stay and chill. maybe youll get one
Whats too late to back out now?
what do you think is a wyverns favorite food?
deserved! the team and community is amazing
the chat is slowing down a little lol
tho goat himself cave 2 has to be taken serious
Absolutely agree with you on that bro
nah we good people just taking a quick break
Geez 1min cool down and this chat is bumping
LOLOL frrr when did this server get created?
Yess...Report them so the mods can ban them
Haha amazing man! Is it time for us to have cave 3 with the rate we are growing? 
New here which one is the main chat haha
Working on 1 at the minute will put up once done
this. i told you guys.....creepers
must be adda boy nice song also what car is that kinda looks like a vw gold gti lol
IYKYK Clean you still here homie?
smile  big facts tho my eyebaws wont be able to handle the chat log soon
oh im not worried. now I can read everything lol
oh sorry cant do that either. fan art is killer here too have you checked it out yet?
hmm you think he likes it with parmesan lmao?
Thanks for watching us sir and thank you for you hard work
im in there the same moment it drops lol
I dont think they would heard wyverns are lactose
Just 3 days ago and its already almost 7k organic
oh nicee nicee i just joined as well not too long ago 
Both caves speed chating hard to get a word in. More calmer here!
Oh for real haha usually 1 is the main one but wont complain lol 
ShihTzu whens the meme contest?
Yeah I mean its about time I guess cause the messages in cave 1 just keep coming in! Haha
gotta catch up these guys are grinding
Basically just cave 2  cave lol. Some may see it differently!
oh wow im going to go back and have a look!
this man always lurking haha love it
i cant tell though!! hahaha how yall tell?
Senpai one day youll notice me and the love I have in this project. see you!
how do i apply to get trained by the wyvern master
havent been playing much games too busy with nfts z.z
Hope this is first good nft I mint 
chillin bro likeing this project alot how you doing?
Big brother and big sister is always watching I guess 
anyone watching the valorant tournament? lol
Hey just got got here and happy to be. Easily already recognizing this project as a future 1.5eth floor easy.. just wondering what exactly yall look for for whitelist since youve only given 400 away
Ty yes its my ride and I only have a Cobb access port on it with a tune
oh sht the wrx looks clean any mods or stock?
Same!! Actually spent 35 days without touching my xsx
If that just spam every minute without replying to ppl or have any relevant conversation
yeahh man i was in here yesterday as well and the chat was much much slower compared to now
MacGriddles  HAPE yeah just chillin aswell. this project is fire for sure!!
Hey good to see you again! You are always here haha. Hows it going buddy
Im hearing all these altcoins I cannot touch. Damn America
I make glass display cases from wormy chestnut
when does the top 200 contest ends?
it is a curse once you start you dont stop
yall think so? im debating getting in rright now
very clean ride I like subis w some down pipes and exhaust with the cobb i think it sounds nice.
ada is still building a rocket lol
how did you guys come across this project if you found it early?
Did you flip it or still holding?
i heard they are smarter now messaages and time are kinda random! haha
Feeling great and excited avout this nft potential
One day people will refer to this as cw. Thats how successful i envision it to be
how did yall find about the project ?
No end date yet! The team did not set a deadline to this so we all got the chance!
Random snapshot gotta be prepared bro
ohh i used to play a lot. ive been playing since season 1!
Lets keep the hype rolling people!
if u aint a serverbooster yet wyd
i heard it from a friend. Im so glad he told me early
Thats the plan cryptodanny not sti but Ill make it faster than one
ye its never too late get in there
Good thanks.. Had a bit of a sweep  a different floor tho  My kamemushi floor. Wow your smashing it
imma definitely put a little bit in here soon you got some money in it?
egg tart  you got some in it rn?
DN joke guy got WL bahahahah congrats bro!
I havent played for a couple months but highest i peaked was Diamond 2 on EU west by playing Zed only
Morchize i got a 1998 jetta lol shits clean
Yeah unfortunately so but hopefully we can spot most of them
what level are you if youve been here early
just checked out the roadmap man im so in this for the 10 to the animels bro im a huge animel person
haha for reall mann im gonna be chatting here more often for sure
it proly was bc of that lol thanks man
Sheesh I love them old style cars they are the best
I got to say thats what got me interested too. I have a soft spot for stray dogs
I found it on twitter i saw the numbers of their stock is only 3k thats why its kinda interesting and I joined to their discord
Too focus DMOR on every damn projects coming out  
more and more people turning green! love to see it
I really want to keep grinding but I gotta go to a custom party
i gotta get you a pic in a minute its dope asf i wish it wasnt white tho
nice bro you got in at a good time
we can do it guys on it together
any of you been in the trivia yet?
Indeed but that was my peak  i realised i cant go higher simply not good enough and didnt have much time to improve my skills
i got a min pin bro had him for 7 years... hes not my dog...hes my son lol part of my family for sure i missed out on so many houses for rent becuase they dont allow pets lol i wont let him go for noting
Guessing in case cave 1 gets too crazy. ha.
to chill with more people like us hahaha
yeah! i love it! i was driving earlier though so ya know couldnt really finish it
Hahaha its ok doesnt feel like it though theyre lovely
i hope mods can increase the amount for WL to more than 200
just saw this project on yt looks dope
its there cooldown in this channel too?
you see so many references in nft today and rightfully so.
i got a 1998 jetta with 50k miles its got the limitted edition k2 interior too lol its dope
aahhh yeahh this project is just great
3 days or 4 i think how about you?
like an hour man haha I am very new
Dr. CheekClapper  we all hoping for the elusive green font
gm bro! good to see you are green
Good thanks.. Had a bit of a sweep  a different floor tho  My kamemushi floor. Wow your smashing it
haha i feel that man i havent been playing that much either tbh
im sure there will be plenty of chances. they seem to really accommodate for everyone as long as theyre passionate enough about the project
im cool enough to be hereand so are u
Yea I know what you mean they become family. I had problems with apartments too in Hong Kong most apartments dont welcome pets 
firee i use to have a lil drift 350z but blew the engine like every other vq kek
Nice and welcome to the best community! Check out announcements giveaways and whitelistinfo good luck
finaly more good projects on solana! eth gas is getting out of hand
i think im the most passionate !
man even cave 2 chat getting quick ! bouta need a cave 3
still D2 is like 2  of the players
Morning! How long did it take you to get whitelisted?
haha is morning for you now or?
only like an hour now haha very new
cave 2 has been poppin most of the day
Its such an unfortuante thing in hk and sg qhen land is such  constraint
One minute is a good amount I reckon
hahaha then your reward will come! just enjoy the ride bro
But its okay the find it worth it
whats the difference the cave vs the cave 2
yesssirrrr i feelt thatt does boosting the server do anything you know??
hi guys from cave to what are you guys upto this coming halloween D
yeah but after d1 people are on absolutely different level trust me. And challenger boys are just insane if you simply watch streams you dont understand it but when you play against them and realise that they do eveyrhting that you but better 10x times you feel kinda upset
just 2 chats cave 1 is super quick cave 2 a little more chill
it means i am the second coolest
thank you soo much my man!! appreciate it a lot
Csalesuk ohh hahah welcome bro. its a really good community
To divert large traffic i believe
Gm to you wyverns hows your day? Nice to see you
whats everyone listening to tonight?
LOOOL where are you from brother ? Haha
idk tbh just love the community!
cave 2 still moves really fast 
Just down South of you  No hate to canadians haha love em
im here about to get you a pic of the jetta in like 2 mins
jokes aside the message is actually getting too fast on the main chat!
curious when you got tuned by admin did you do a remote or you went to him?
yeah we almost at 8k members its getting wild im stoked
feel sorry for admin whos going to have a hard time keeping up with chat  in the coming days haha. this is about to blow wide open
wasnt expecting that first well done!
Ohh cool hopefully gas prixes are lower by then  and thank you for answering
Im good ! Spending my afternoon on discord 
Yea bro Im from HK. I love SG man Ive been there like 56 times !
Can do that if we have our own wyvern bro lol
Lfg! Movie The Trip is hilarious!
fs man 1 min also is your wrx stock or did you mod it
yeah i love the pixel art man are you new here?
Ascenseur Pour Lchafaud by miles davis for me
Just have an off the shelf tune
N Dazzle Man youre level 16 but rank like 160ish thats crazy
ye i just joined like 5 mins ago
Its morning in Aus having my coffee and bagel. How about you
good man! just enjoying a beer and listening to crypto videos
Yeah may have to hop in between
this is one of the most hype project i have ever found
you still early brotha keep being active im sure you will make WL gl gl!
Hey its a start man if it was my car... holy shit the cosmetics on the girl... damn
Yea bro. Sadly so. Lots have changed in the last 2 years LOTS
Yeah its difficult to keep up even with one mins
Yup it is! The growth is crazy and its al by organic growth!
hey! im doing great tonite engaging w. you guys !! PeepoHeart
Yeah and we riding our wyverns to the moon bro
Lets goo! I want a spot so bad.
Easily is one of the most hype projects Ive seen may have to make a video about it 
ico I need to do more cosmetic things
Cant believe theyve sold out their own citizens
Thats a grind a half in my book lol
ShihTzu  let me know if you looking for more mods happyt o volunteer some time
Roadmap is simple to read and straight forward great job team!!!
Wade004  how do you ride a wyvern?
hey everyone still spaces for wl????
defo I am scared I am too late 
Welcome! Remember to check out announcements 
If youre top 200 cant you request for WL friend
 tell me about it. Many of my friends who can afford to move away have moved overseas.. losing faith
keep active you will be seen ! lets get it
GNaga  WYVERN  good morning! SunnyDoonji any good recommendations?  yomsssssssssssssssssssss81thats awesome to hear. In cleaning up cause i might be going to a party soon
yep lots of spaces left 2573000 right now 
have you looked at custum bumpers headlights tailights. different types of spoilers angel eyes for headlights even eye brows
Im glad Im kinda here early! I missed out on a lot of procurers but I def wont wont with this one
Im looking forward to what they are doing with the website also anyone watched army of theives Im watching it now pretty funny
No you cant a random snap shot will be taken I heard
What cosmetic things are you looking at doing ahhaa
I fcks with cave 2 traffic. Whats poppin in here peeepsssss
team cave or cave 2?? let me know!!
thanks man.....congrats for being wl
Never too late for it! Just gotta grind harder at this point haha 
If you like 0n1 u should look for haunted 5
idk haha hop on and hopefully it likes you! 
Cave 2 is refreshing after cave 1 lol
cave 2 is just another place to talk same thing as cave 1 just an alternative for people to talk in.
Yeah but its going to be 100k members soon haha
ico No  I put a lip and fins on it but they fell off
Yeah I actually do think it is time for cave 3
Its a beautiful country! My uncle has been living there for like 30 years !
InvestAnswers! hes a super conservative financialinvestment guru.. hes a really solid guy. much respect for him.
I believe my personal predicted target mark. 200k
we have indeed been going ballistic since discord launch
hwo do you check if you are top 200?
sweet bro im ready to grind and get whitelisted!
bc cave 1 makes our eyeballs  aPESTripleEyes
Their public sales just started like 12hours ago still going on
tryna listen to some music whats ur fav song?
This is pure whitelist  no public ??
lol its still early!Cave 2 has a lot going on here
botcommands use !rank in this channel
I couldnt even keep up in main cave. so hard to actually chat
Go to bot commands and type !rank
Anyone love coke here?  lets talk
imma be all in with my heart. this project... 
Just be active here in the community and youll make it!
that tells you if you are top 200?
hahaa ahh i see i agree man the community is look great! growing fast af
hey guys moved a bit to cave 2 here! Chat is so quick on 1 sometimes i cant follow not english native speaker hahhaahha
Ah dang thought I saw a higher number my bad! Youre in though my guy LFG
hope we can all make it cave 2 for life!
Have you take a look on haunted 5 an 0n1 story?
yeah it saids the rank on there
Check botcommands  and type !rank
Yes tells you your level and your rank based on that level in the server
totally understandable. my eyes burn in cave 1!
cave need some BREATH to keep warm
guys go check out giveaways you dont want to miss out 
hop in giveaways if not already done!!
What is his story? Enlighten us
Welcome man! Yeah cave 2 is much more laid back. ha.
Congrats on the partnership with MMORPG!!! 
trust me Im better than those challangers
lets goo new giveaway catVibrate
Cant wait to brethe breath tokens
Yeah the chat at cave 1 is moving a bit too quickly!
i havent seen daylight in hours
Good luck to everyone on the giveaways
oh cool thanks for the help so when does the top 200 competition end?
Kid had a video in walmart that went viral and just got fame from there
Good luck to everyone for the giveaway !!
So many kaiju peeps in here. Was it shilled in yall server? Hahahah
damn thats tough howd that happen
which kaijus? theres a new kaiju project
I was out for a couple hours and server grew 2k and I went down 25 spots jesus
giveaway happening rn giveaways be sure to join guys
having a similar vibe but who knows
Lets get one lucky one time this year
Maybe this chat will move a little slower so i can read stuff lmao
Lolz this chat is so much easier to read
Chats are going crazy cant read lol
anyone else trying to draw for the whitelist busting out my ipad
Plat 4 but my teammates are holding me back
wooo give away!! pray for the win
Is this wl by any chance level based or just activity based??
Thats one trivia 3 giveaways just today  many whitelists given to people for organic engagement within the server
There is always chances please make sure to take advantage of each one and try your hardest 
PSA  if you just joined the chat giveaways  happening now!
Yeah Ikr esp thecave original chat cant read anything or have a proper convo in the first place
Level 15 guys   my highest rank ever
Are quizzes random or is there a certain time?
And our hearts goes to those people who appreciate this amazing community
The first person to become famous in a Walmart
Yeah check giveaways if you havent guys.
hatchlings eat wyvern milk dawg
Is this just a place where we can earn more XP whats the difference guys
I appreciate this amazing community I saw you guys from the ryandcrypto video D
Glad to hear that! Hope to get WL too
No specific time we dont know sadly
chat moving faster and faster lol
Hi coachhh u still remember me?
yes just simply click on the react button !
Thanks for the opportunities! Will keephustling for this awesome project!
hopefully man im finger crossed hopefully im lucky
whoa came back and chat is hella fast 
no time announced yet for now its gon be random
hahaha... we really start forming cave 1 cave 2 clan arent we
Ayyy Waddup guys these dinos look so dope
thanks bruh a super high quality user
this one is alot slower than the the first one atleast
trust me its not your teammates
Is it gonna be like two wyverns make baby wyverns or do they lay eggs
Will be bigger than kaiju i believe
bouta be at a party ill talk to yall in a bit PESHeart
rkmThats cool my Subi goes across the country 6876pepegasrun pepeshy
Im never lucky but at least I hope some of you guys will be ! 
cave 2 is lowkey the secret spot bruv u got it now
Hey cave 2 fam I have awoken from my eternal slumber
Good luck! Maybe this is your time! Hope it is!
this project surely going places
That is sad i bought ur coook friggin boook alrdy
Whats up buddy how are you doing
what games do we play games for wl p
MiddleSpoon  you putting it in fanart
Yooo thats bad ! I had to sell my subi ! 1010 miss it
so why would challenger climb out of plat with almost no loses?
Whoever said cave 2 is the place to be you are RIGHT LFG!!
Speeding up in here need more food talk 
yeah man welcome to the chill cave!
ayeee greatly appreciated youre next fosho 
wow rude im an insane wukonga god
Hows your day sir? Hope you enjoy here a lot
u can also check out the food section !
yeh for sure get to chat properly
Yeap at least the chat flow goes smoothly
yeah of course i got a couple of ideas
damn bro ok let me get you a pic of the jetta now also make sure to join giveaways
great thank you for asking. How about you
hey german dude with the pretty dog! you green yay!
anyone have anything good to watch on youtube
canr wait whats to come in the future!
Hahhaha thanks! Its okay Ive accepted my fate  hope you get it for being so kind
I can only wish! Thank you! Appreciate you fam! 
Doing well ready to spend my Saturday grinding in this chat !! Who needs friends irl when you got an awesome discord community to talk to 
league of legends? aram? 1vs1? battle it out lmao
Thank u sir yes working away all day and night on these 
Doing great! Good morning for me tho
So only about 3k people online we have good chances guys
yes i am heading to food  now lol
you guys here are so lit even our chat hv 1min delay but you guys still very amazing
rkm Its okay I got one for you 
The legendaries are so cool are they auction or part of drop?
doing solid just enjoying the time here!
letsgo for it haha or tetris? or maybe a fps  come at us there is a nft discord that does 5vs5 developers vs community and who win get wl haha
but its always on you trust me. If i get back to playing it will take me almost no loses to get out of Platinum
all the cookbooks right? and did you also buy my training books
Love your hope bro. Every1 is a winner here! We got this.
i luv u too brother we going to the moon
Good to meet everyone here. Signing off for a bit. Wyverns to the moon!
Maybe this will be your chance! Will be rooting for you buddy!
thanks  i can see youre name being next ive been seeing you talk every time i hop on lol
joined earlier today but just got off work so can be mroe active good luck everyone
Im eating pizza for breakfast now haha what are the odds
Okay lets go fingers crossed ! 
goodluck everyone on the giveaway WE GONNA MAKE IT
they always are badagree id bee gold at least
good to hear! me too loving this server
im definitly super excited about this.
Is there a difference between cave 1 and 2?
chat 2 is a continuation of chat 1 lol
how long till random giveaway is announced
lol....i dont understand a thing
trust me my wukongga is on a different level beter than harambe himself no cap
Yes me too! Great community but chat is going fast i cant connect with ppl haha
Congratulations man! You have been so active and helpful in the chat the last few days. Super happy to see your green name. You deserve it!
who wants to be green???  me too hahaha
Good luck everyone lets get this bread
Yo. U r green now. When did that happen? I just woke up
Hey hows everybody doing in here today?
Building a community ORGANICALLY is legit!!!   Im sending love to the team 
Im gold but my paper 4 team mates holding me back from greatness
if you cant  beat platinum so its on platinum level
Dereizo  I do I do..green green
do you wanna play vs comuntiy and who win get wl 3 sounds amazing cultist did that
Morchize best i could find without digging in my camera roll for 20 mins also thats without the wax
lets go baby 13 more till 7500 members jpegsrocket
Im happy to see you green! Thats great!
What slice am I eating now then 
No you more!! I hope you win instead of me 
Guys check out this suggestion I posted in suggestions and lmk what you think! Feel free to react and voice your thoughts!! httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862609903815382232596481
Lets go   I promise Ill go fast 
wait until the server blows up even more!
im so ready to grind with you all COSMIC GANG GANG
omg thats like 400 people an hour
doing well just waiting to get off work. also watching some baseball blah blah. hbu?
Yes bro I love the organic growth. Good luck bro
Hey guys how s everyone doing here
lol i thought u are german as well XD
sending good vibes to everybody in cave 2 PESHeart
Lemme hear it from em drug enthusiast peeps lezgetit LMAOOO
this is crazy growth and tons of giveaways so good
anyone watching the lakers tonight
i always win with wukongga but sometimes its not possible
10k by SUNDAYYYY for suree party
Cave 2 also known as... THE GREEN CAVE
Yeah you dont have much time left
Heyooo coming here cause cave 1 is too fast LOL
yup thank you i remember the talks we had it was just like yesterday 
Inviting members is like contributing to the cause!!! 
wonder who gonna win the giveaway!!
we will get to 10k by tomorrow to be honest we were at 4500 members this morning and I expect we end the night at 8k
my personal discord is called The Cave and i found this project my reaction was like no way
true its growing every day by 50
for the whitelist gieaway silly!
Csalesuk  thank you guys haha lol saving for the beam its a good temp car.
Morchize shes got some problems but shes a beaut terrible picture tho lol now that I can see it on my computer yikes.....
Keep chatting and being active then youll get exp to level up
Be active and do a lot of good and genuine convos bro
man its hard to pick one i dont like! but usually a spicier one or i just load up a bunch of wasabi in my soy and dip it
Really loving this discord thats a reslly good sign
Keep active level up and have quality  quantity conversations!
Thanks for the suggestion! we will follow it up to the devs
Yeah I saw the growth rate for the discord its actually been popping off
Probably 20k as it grows exponentially
spurs are lowkey boring to watch lol
cosmic wyverns mustve been in someone youtube video.  Dereizo nope USA over here. isnt it super late over there?
ohh im new! vibes are dope here
Say what what if u too high for cave 1 LMAO that chat be movin!!
holy crap I joined when there was like 2500 and that was like 2 days ago LMAO
FatMeow Ty  Cave1 is too fast for me
i dont think it matters much but maybe makes owners see you loyalty
Youre quite right! httpswww.youtube.comwatch?vBWOg1bu5v9I just the beginning 
KAIJU KINGZ 2.0?!  PLUG PASS  THE BEST ALPHA NFT!
Check out my NFT Project The Dark Odyssey
Discord  httpsdiscord.ggf7VuzT3dJ4
Twitter  httpstwitter.comDarkOdysseyNFT
My Patreon! Early access to projects I talk about in these videos  ALPHA discord 350 max members!  exclusive giveaways  whitelist access!
My personal discord httpsdiscord.gg...
We got some young blood this year. A little more fast paced lol
Keep em coming! Lets make this bigger than Kaiju kingz and beyond!! 
What?! Youre really lucky to join one of the best NFT community
i was hella early sub 2k and still no WL 2987zerotwo
haha thanks man p for listing to me  much love
yea the growth is insane on this project and its also organic too so good looks
I was thinking this cave would be slower 
amazing temp car haha what beamer you getting
yesss just chillin here at 4am hahahaa. i cant sleep so i chillin here with yall
ryandcrypto drops the best alpha fr
and is it only 200 people get it ? thanks for letting me know
This NFT project chat more active than others with 2030K members its insane
Lets play squid game. Winners get wl losers get banned LMAAOOOO that shit be fun as hell
im excited for this one like i was with kaiju!
Yeah but damn that means top200 will be even harder LOL
Easy can see this happening. I reckon 15k by the end of the weekend
Yeah its kinda cool and very promising
beast! nice to see its getting the due recognition
It is definitely one of the better product of the year
i like my odds at the giveaway 2900 
lets go giveaway time!! so excited
same here but stay and participate! wgmi
thats true but the community here is still awesome!
Cant wait to see where we are in a week 
Welcome buddym remember to invite your frens and families
i fell ya i dont think ill be able to sleep until this part at least is over
im watching the GTA 5 roleplay Squid games rn lol
If you just joined the chat look out for giveaways happening in a minute!
rkm Great cant wait to take you for a spin 
Does dressing up as a cosmic wyvern for Halloween get you to Rank 1?
TheSoap  actually in the chillcave
damn that was fast you got here from ryans vid right?
Tim Duncan was their superstar for years. soooo boring. skilled but boring Hyxder oh dangz...on the thumbnail and everything. thankful we got a head start. Dereizo sheeeeesh no better way to spend insomnia than on discord being productive 
nope but i got some fam over there!
yeah ofc definitely is. Good luck on giveaway yall 
Not 1000x is going to be 10000000x lol
For sure bro! For good projects yes
But I love to sleep?! Ask my gf to grind for me!bearstab
Yeah Id say I think itll be hard to talk here for a bit haha
Can hopefully setup a tournament mode to allow for more players!
Wow  how long youve been chattes to get that lv bro?
Any annoucements on the next trivia does anyone know?
Hello  project looks sick! Looking forward to seeing some more sneak peeks
hopefully ill be green by then! hehe and well be on the moon
i will destroy eveeryone in games im a gamer for sure 3
oh yeah lakers finally is on fire
Yeah bro and we got a lot of chance
really want to have a guaranteed spot in this project
Best of luck to you man still tons of time 
Seatbelts on  were going for a ride
Damn each giveaway creeps into the 1k  i always get in at like 400 and just hope nobody else sees LOL
Yeah if anyone hasnt yet go to giveaways and enter! But remember the criteria in whitelistinfo
Indeed kinda but most likely tomorrow will be easier to talk
this is another chat channel right
Few seconds left. Green is heading to the moon baby
okay lets see the results everyone!!
try it lemme know if you get blessed fiddy  Animal Society stacked with old guys hope they can develop some chemistry cuz right now it not pretty
they are but they need to get their shit together haha
just trying to be like you! lets gooo
What a great morning to see so happening here
hyxder thanks man youre big 1 how man you should become a mod eventually hahah 
its so dope does anyone know how to check rank
Idk  I think we should be a little dangerous
appreciate it bro rkm  yardy know lol and whoever asked what kinda beam im slamming and modding a 328i into a street car
Yeah running on big hype right now!! So how long you been in here?
grats lol my turn to win next time
Am really happy being part of the community as is kinglove
How we doing bro! Glad to see you here
 its so dope does anyone know how to check rank
Adam DUI  head over to botcommands
Wyvern Devil srirkix Congrats to you guys!
Hahaha. I am minting a gf to help with grinding. Any gf projects?
So lucky! Well done! Youre all amazing
REROLL second is a bot srirkix is a bot
How often do they normally do these giveaways per day?
damn we may hit 10k tonight lol
cue sad piano music! well get them next time
I joined like 30 mins ago lol. But the hype is for Ryans vid I guess
Woah 950 entries this server is going wild
Congratulations Wyvern Devil well deserved mate
just spend 100usd to mint a 0.1 ETH project that i got WL for ahahahaha
Damn alright alright  no seatbelts ahhaha
Not that timeee hahaha congratulations Wyvern Devil !!
Didnt realise giveaway already ended lol. Congrats
Thats how I found it haha wish I could find things before that point lol how did you find it?
Gl allGNaga  WYVERN   what do you mean diwn?
Dont quit guys we can do this!!!
im trying to pick a room to hang in hard to have a convo going back and forth
Wow! Congrats you deserve it either way!
I think I might have to mint you 
sheeesh gas still not pretty? i refuse to check not much im interested in minting right now
still did not get it hopefully soon wagmi!!!
Same hahaha I need to be more active on twitter to find this types of proj 
Shows how your hard work pays off. Well done mate
you have been grinding hard man ! goodjob
Season just starting. Bron been hurt. They got time
Congratz congratz!  You lucky wyvern lol
love you all PES2HyperCowboy aPES2OmegaCog
You are level 12 already right ?
anyone know when the next trivia is im excited
Stay tune bro lot of giveaways for sure.
Hi all can someone explain the message requirements for the giveaway?
damn all he had to do was type 10 messages and he woulda won 
that ad injury scare the other day tho. Had me nervous lol
Happens every few hours! So we will have a chance!
Ryancrypto on YT makes great NFTs vids
I dunno how to find them on Twitter Im too new to this space to figure it out
all the winners are double accounting or what?
Luck is increasing with each re roll bro!
ill check it rn! looking for new to me crypto influencers
Dont text and drive like Im doing
This cave is lagging now as well lol
HAHAHA love   gas might be high tho 
hope they do that until i win xd
Still gets my heart pounding seeing those rerolls haha
the difference between cave 1 and cave 2 is huge this is way more relaxing
I didnt realized there were 2 caves lol
Master please call my name haha
Theres always another altcoins to get into to make gains!
Was it the knee injury against the Spurs?  Man we couldnt close that one out
Mann u OGG already!!   I wish i can turn green like u
Yeah Ikr I was surprised to see reroll like 3times
All newcomers winning but got scrape
lolol. how many rerolls? lets set a record!
ohhh my god! so much emotion with these rerolls hahahhahaha playing for my name there! spinfast
Congratulations JMoney . Another well deserved winner
The moment you read the post mint roadmap and salivate thinking about the opportunity to be apart of this amazing project.   me thanking the team!
JNGUYEN  Cosmic Wyvern one day i will win a reroll
Nothing announced yet very early
That green looks great on you mate 
no lie im glad i didnt win cuz it woulda been a reroll haha
didnt even know they rerolled haha
Goddamn my nv had luck to win giveaways fml
So guys what got you into this proj. For me it was Ryan but also the art and roadmap which made me join
Damn plenty of people missing out on Giveways because they are not engaged
rkm haha why dont you just give me a presale?   I want to be on that whitelist
nope not yet from what ive read in announcements
JMoney congratss!! after all those rerolls you got it man!!!!
Keep at it homie! Youll get there soon enough!
Letters by Vinnie. Andrew Wang is in there and minting so i joined ahahaha
they have other chats for specific topics with shorter timers pets is one of them.
Wow congrats to Wyvern Devil  and JMoney
i have enough money to get the car more than enough just waiting to have the money for the mods so im not waiting paycheck to paycheck also investing some trying to multi my money other ways like crypto stocks
Word of mouth for me! But you can see that the community is super strong here excited to see what it brings us next!
haha 10 message is the minimum requirement? Big L
Well done congrats JMoney and Wyvern Devil you two deserved it!! LFG!
Hopefully man.. its getting difficult juggling family life and work and discord too  but cant complain..
Hahaha everyone is hoping for a reroll
hahaha hopefully me too but im sure if were active we will get recognised by the mods!
wooo congrats to the new winner!
yeah for sure im not worried but I like raffle adrenaline LOL
I was first drawn to their contributions for animals. Then realised it was a bigger gem.
Feels a bit slower here which is good!!!
yup the wyverns are always watching!
Dang that giveaway was intense lol
hey ! Im from the USA! and you?
Anything like Kaiju and Im interested
congrats even tho ur a packers fan LOL
Yees really good community so far too. Thats really good for the start of a project . Also excited for it
I dont even want to win the giveaway i want to earn my  WL!!!
Damn why is the slow chat so long lol how tf anyone supposed to have an actual conversation
oh yeah for sure kaiju popped off lol
congrats to the giveaway winners!
Well deserve mate! Hope everyone makes it
holy moly all those rerolls lol
More my speed lol i can actually slow down and talk 
always happy to see new greens cooldance
everytime thinking its me like nah its not me. maybe now!!.....
Anyone watches the heat team rn
yep they didnt had the requirements
Ill stay active for as long as it takes and more 
I personally prefer to be able to just sit and chat with people the spamming is tough
whats the total supply of this?
yes the tiny chance of winning is def worth the quick jolt of disappointment
Yeah thats true! Same feeling as you minting an NFT
Dr. CheekClapper hahaha for sure man especially with these smaller discord groups
factss thooughh those rerolls  made me  monkaSweat
Intense as helll! But thats a good way to give the prize to somebody who actually deserve it! Newcomers for raffle is kinda hard
thanks everyone! ly all keep grinding aPES2OmegaCog
Haha I feel that lol gl regardless
Hope soon enough i can talk to you from a green to another budd
I hear ya just put in the time you can! Be genuine with conversation maybe a make a few memes if youre feeling so inclined as well!
LMAO i love being excited to lose
I know right ! They getting tougher to win IMO
100 wouldnt have it any other way!
keep grinding guys we can do it
Love Japan man.. been there couple years back and its a beautiful country
Yes keep grinding we will be there
The spam is unreal people in cave 2 GMI
The hustle for a whitelist is real!! Loving all of this such great people!!! 
time to take a lil break and run some warzone with cousins ill see yall soon
yes absolutelyzero chance we dont make it hehe
Yeah The spamming is mind numbing
Im from indonesia how about you
We got this all day bro just keep at it
love how they do re rolls! very fair
Hahah Ill keep my eye on you then 
A couple of indonesians talking about indomee ytd bro. Ure not alone
we keep vibin in cave 2. cave 2 better
Yeah I hope so lol Im actually going back and forth so I can hold 2 conversations! So where are you from?
Yeah only gonna be tougher going forward!
Hey does anyone know how to check your chat level or if theres even on one this discord?
looking for a partner for my wyvern
dont tell main cave people about cave 2
Dr. CheekClapper lol  can do it bro
yea real talk. rewards the real ones
what are the message requirements?
Head to botcommands and type !rank
you want to do sex sex with my wyvern?
thankfully theyre not the only way to win whitelist. the mods have done a great job so far keeping everything fair
Im new on cave 2 but I feel like well be able to real chat around here. thats good!
Congrats... happy that a few people not engaging here hey.. 
wow it is very nice food man! you should try that too
facts thoo i feel like cave 2 is starting to get crazy like cave 1 might need a cave 3 soon and so on KEKWaddle
I have plenty at home already haha good choice
its a much less crowded space! especially with the onslaught of people from youtube coming in!
True that keep it up! Were both winners from Cave 2? 
Youve discovered one of the kept secrets. Take a deep breathe
cave 1 aand 2 is popin TF off ! lol
ThePunter  Thanks to both you guys appreciate it!
everyone having a good night so far?
yes maybe segs buy dinner? my wyvern like chocky milk PepeHoldMe
 I just joined cave2 and yeah it feels pretty fast too but not nearly as bad as cave 1. Take me with u to cave 3 LOL
yupp similar to kaijus so just gotta be active.  How was your day today brother?
Dont take your eyes off me love 
Im having an amazing day here with everyone
Thats the way it works  we all gonna miss most of the time
Exactly same purpose! Cave two is a much quieter chat! Its a hidden gem.
Whats up bro Im doing good glad to be here yourself
so far so good chillin with some music
Cant complain. Hanging out on my couch watching baseball
im more active in the sports channel but ill take a win from anywhere to be honest LOL
love this project and how fair they give out WL!
HAHAHAHAHAHA I can adopt the baby Wyvern for sure!
cave 2 is cool 2 different chats
Yeah bro can do it brother  dnt give up
haha i said my wyvern needed a partner
give da wyvern his choccy milk then.
so this project is all whitelist sale yea?
i think hes talking about breeding feature
i cant pick this one or the other somebody help me pick which room
U just joined or grinding for a while already?
LMAOOOO ill meet u in cave 3 and so on peepoGiggle
lets eat some brocolli to get green
thats good youre gonna need to be well to read fast enough to chat here
Hahahah and rage for the other ones to let off some steam! My favourite is the food . I love food
Try it out there leksie. Its another chat channel
same here man hope i have a chance at wl
Glad team is weaning out bots!!! 
can i watch? purely for scientific purposes would love to see and learn how wyverns mate
This project looks really fricking cool
whats the point of two caves haha
congrats to all giveaway winners!
 ahaha whats subi do you have ! ?
gm or night idk man how was your rest?
wafdawg Im doing well just been chatting with all the homies here rainbowfrogrollypolly cowrollypolly
this project is going to be amazing
i think so too! else i wouldnt have been here as long as i have lol
Yeah if hes going to be sick brother
soon halloween man on sunday? right what are you gonna wear  like a wyvern? superwasheddevil yep just joined someone recommend it there as a good community . thoughty2 sure will go to there
we talkin bout the breeding utility wyverns adding in the future 
To spread the load of the message! Everyone on the same chat can be quite crazy with the number of messages we have!
Yeah i always be here to cheer all of you mate
Agreed esp with all this DAO trending NFT this is looking to be one of the better ones! Just hope the discord doesnt get hacked like so many other ones
i am coming to cave 2 .. cave 1 is more for spammers
Here love  httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516903338786816143400903809613898596442
Whats everyone doing while chatting here.. I am trying to learn some Japanese at the same time  maybe Japanese NGMI 
tru good point but it looks quite alike u dont think so?
Poppin from cave 1 to cave 2. This is the way lmao.
Me too waiting n looking forward
you make a great point good sir!
Yea bro! I cant believe how many have been hacked recently. Feel bad for the creators who have a vision and it gets broken from them
tryna catch up on my lecture but i cant focus 
Regardless remeber to invite your frens and families. Lets build this
late hourss hahahah I know you feeling sleepy already too
ay nice gl japanese is pretty challenging
Haha its still early for me only 640 I live in PST
LMAOOO welcome to cave 2   gonna become like cave 1 soon prolly gonna need a cave 3 and so onKEKWaddle
i wonder if they could come up with something more unique than breeding! breed has been done before to insentivize holding the tokens.. whats the NEXT big trend? i want them to explore that route
wow theres so many chat channel I love em all!!!
bro i am surprised you havent gotten wl yet wtf
I just got here from ryandcryptos channel
Yes everything about this project is blue so far
nice planning on having anything to eat? maybe like a bagel sandwich or some
Hopefully we can make it to WL. Think my rank kjnda stuck in the 300
been in a lot of red so tired of grinding levels
legend! Ill see you in valhalla I hope!
Okay time for a new strategy so I actually get something done.. Each level up  12 hour break and do some study  chores
DAOs are in a grey area of the law...
bagels are so good  what do you like on yours?
Lying down starin at my phone aping into this shit lmao
Yooo that looks bad ! This is the one I used to have
have u taken a break yet i think ive been here the whole day with you lmao
same man its hard lvl 12 is 200 haha
Can share your tips here how to get green bro
Cant imagine your excitement that day
Wowww I forgot about the time zones for a while sorry mate! 11pm for me here hahahaha
they sure look alike but dragons have 4 feet and wings while wyverns only have 2 feet
Hahahah its the new NFT Trend but yeah there are definitely alot of them out there! Creators just gotta differentiate themselves!
ThePunter Yeah its actually crazy hopefully these mods have 2FA enable dont want to see this project get hacked 
prayge  Hyxder hopefully some time soon
sheesh respect to the ones that actually make top 200. thats a crazy grind but def worth the reward
i am from malaysia its 941am now.. hahaha wyverns go get some coffee in
i like creamcheese on my bagel also bacon egg  cheese toasted bagellsss . hbu what do u like on ur bagels?
My friend invited me here but Im just checking out his channel as well
trust me they have plenty in store for us apart from breeding here is a sneak peak of the game in alpha stage currently we still dont know the full utilities that will be announced but there will be more apart from staking  breeding  Were in for a wild ride it is a complex project 
I just think the tokenomics dont make sense
Think it will be like lvl 1314 soon cos more people grinding
do the mods see this? lmk how yall been! we appreciate all the work 
cave two is nice i can atleast read the chat haha
Be right back have to tend to my wyverns
Tell me about it who is it do you think these rabbits will ever go to the moon
TKBit thats sounds like a good goal
See you bro. Lets ride our wyverns there lol
good grind nice! you will be in the top for sur
that looks awful sweet if i could get a boner i would but i dont have a male part...
yep its hard man max lvl 21 by hydraxer?
Haha.. thats about as productive as I am being right now
Yeah gonna need it..  perhaps kanji NGMI
great insight man much appreciated
No bro. Would be heartbreaking. I see this being a blue chip in the future. The roadmap and limited numbers makes it so valuable!
nah i was away for a while had to do choresgroceries just vibin in the caves now
Seems like cave 2 has more proper engagement
cave 2 had more real conversation where cave 1 is full of spammers i am sick
it will get worse here over time lol more people are joining
not all caves are created equal
if im at panera i get the cinnamon bagel with the normal cream cheese but on my sandwiches i be going crazy sometimes. like at my local bagel shop i got a asiago bagel with garlic creamcheese and in the middle is the toppings of a pizza with red sauce and all sooo good.
I believe every channel has proper engagement   just chat are flying fast with many ppl online
ive seen that photo! its super interesting.. love to see what this team can do
its really good for ur health doe
Yeah I hope this project is a blue chip in the future! It will be a project that im finally early in ish
Nah I mean we need to be in lvl1314. I am still stuck at 8 and its sticky af!!!
def has potential gives kaiju vibes
suggestions we should all try and post comments avout this project in the comments sections on all the youtubers who cover NFTs. What do you think?
haha true but i think where we are its still pretty early. lots of spots open
Im almost on top 100! Feels good hahaha but have been chatting here foi a while today and yesterday!
yeah mate its 1 dao after another these days xD
damn that looks nice gotta be honest
Yeah thats why I came here bro more chill
yeah chat are flying too fast in channel one which make it unchattable.. too many ppl rushing for top 200..
will there be ones smoking? i seem to only get the ones smoking and chainsmoking
Its quite poignant the amount of hacks happening and the people that got lost in the sauce and their precious bags being taken a way from them...Gotta be careful in this space. that 2fa should be obligatory nowadays in discord. I love how Meka did it.
I dont know if they will or not Im trying to find something that will tho
Thats awesome! Im hoping to climb up into that neck of the woods
Actually top 200 is a bit too hard already a lot of ppl might just give up
persistence pays off  keep it up bro
sup crypto homie what coins we buyin?
blobyawn just woke up from a cheeky nap. Sup everyone?
cant wait to learn more about the tokenomics! whitepaper cant come soon enough
Ayyy we here! But loving Nets too
It was stock in that photo ! I only had it for a week there so I got it all tinted haha
Still wary bro! Look at how many WL spots are still left! Youre in a great position to make it
welcome back how was your nap refreshing?
Yeah! I just hope they do diversify the projects they buy in though! Another project I was invested in only bought Kaiju Kingz which isnt bad but I would like to see some diversity if you are reading this ShihTzu!
im good wbu? just missed the giveaway
One that I have mentioned publicly is Rdt. Check it out
it feels like this discord is draining on my internet 
Actually congrats on top 1! thats so much determination!
Heyy what is trivia quiz ? What kind of question. Is there related to this community ?
Newcomers make sure to faqs announcements whitelistinfo  and engage in chat if you join for giveaways  or you will be denied
anyone any idea when the next giveaway is?
Sup bro? Hows your day? Doing good?
They happen quite regularly and everyfew gours so stay tuned
Tell me about it bro Im pushing to
what ive learned theres always new opportunity. so if you miss this keep hustling
yes say it louder for the people in the back
members are exploding but dont give up guys.. just wake up you are really active and constantly engaging
Thanks man ! Was my baby Haha MacGriddles  HAPE nah had to sell it ! Had no space for it at home when I switched jobs.! Sad reacts only ahah
every time i look at the count theres 200 more
Wow love how many people just welcomed me back hahahaha. Im alright kinda brushing off a halloween party I am invited to. Just feel awkward to go idk why
nice what blend do you like? you prefer dark medium or light?
some people reported me in reportabot for being a bot sadhug
They only announce it once its available to get into. No head starts or warnings
yea man and we started less than 3 days ago insane 
Aite im here whoever it was that called ne
im back happy Saturday everyone
lol false accusations going everywhere watch
man the cave 2 chat is starting to fly soopa doopa fast I cant even reply to the peeps that i would like to KEK
KraknZ  lol right some just like others to tell them everything
Do we owning exlerience here like on cave 1.
I bet we gonna reach 15k member by monday!
hmm I feel you but u know how it is. one door closes another one opens
same had a breakfast back here for now
This server gonna explode soon hahaha
cant spoon feed them everything
hahaha thanks man! Hope you make it too brother!
MiddleSpoon Yeah there will always be new opportunities in the NFT market just hope this one doesnt flop like so many other ones 
oh dam! sorry i dig subis alot they have so much hided pwer few mods and there are monsters small turbo and tune
Yeah me too brother glad to have you here
200k pre launch is my prediction and hope
Ngl cave 1 startin to give my phone AIDS bruh be laggin once in a while. Too lazy to be on my computer
hello everyone how are you guys today ? market seems slow hopefully we all get some profit
Im from New Zealand pretty close
hmm understandable i guess thanks mate
boonji floor price is like shit now actually you can go and get one if you want
nice ryand is the alpha king hahha
just wait until they start marketing. we blowin up and going to the top!
is okay team knows im not one so its good
Im from asia philippines hoe about you?
Yeah ! Thats so true ! Still looking for something to replace her !
YUHHHH I love this community we are all doing our work
Yeah my discord lags hard af when Im in cave 1
The chat in cave 2 is starting to hype up
TKBit did you watch the video link man?
Whew cave 2 retreat still crazy lol
yh when i joined there were only 2k people
im the same way haha but I can drink a medium CoffeeSpit 
Ryu  CRYPTIC Black is too strong for me man do you put sugar and stuff in it or just drink it straight?
holly crap this grew pretty fast
like would a server booster be a bot? 
Good morning from my side of the world. The pace here is also super duper fast like Cave 1. All the best everyone!
im tell you all chats are hot in here right now lol
The moment I realize I should be cooking but yet HERE I am.  
This is going to be a solid project
whats with a mustang fastback 19767
Its possible if everyone does their part to build this. Invite your frens and closedones !
yes sir slow but quaity conversation i think
There are a lot of miles in here I can confirm
I stg it lags my whole shit up and cant e ven switch channrls lmaooo
We need to have a nerd cave! A place to be nerd and talk about nerd shits HAAHAHAH I would love!
thank you big things happening at the winter bears..massive roadmap . you have one?
they can easily check my message history too from any datetime and see just weirdos 
now its 7k ppl already .. of course there are confirmed mules inside else we wont be rerolling so many times
Could of given you a spin in that one ahhaha
Morchize yeah im tryna play val idk tho
remeber yo submit your eth address man! dont wanna forget
That Wyvern so hot right now so hot
thats exactly what a bot would say! mods arrest this man
LMAOOO its gunna get tougher from here on trynna  click on that reply button to people and then the next person chats smile
Hopefully eh.. Not getting much done right now  Well thats not true  engaging with a pretty cool community
Yes. Its much easier to have conversations as it isnt as congested!
wow SunnyDoonji first 700 nice!
Its in the process working not out yet
what is tha average gas right now?
Having this all the  time around here! hahahahah
Lol esp when 3 people reply to you. Gon be hard to reply to each cause os slow mode
Oi nah  mustang fastback  its a beautyyyy !
Just engage brother dont stress level and rank too much! Youll make it dw 
What time zones you all in? im in est from florida
Those ppl cant even pass non 10 spammy message is sick hahaha
Im from Whangarei but right now in Dunedin cause of university
This is insane for a 1 minute cool down!
what happened to gas recently ? always high
rkm Sheesh what can you give me a spin on now?
Interesting haha. Wonder what level is rank 1 at right nos
not quite an OG! they were all whitelisted haha
Ryu  CRYPTIC yeah i found this gem early! been here ever since
oh didnt you just miss the og wyvern role then? damn that must suck
im really great  friend showed me the project
Oh nice pretty good place to be during this lockdown
to each their own hahaha but you got any hobbies? I use to cut hair for work but now I just cut all my homies and past clients for free and for fun
Shib and eth going to all time high is the reason
Im doing pretty well. How about yourself?
yeah tryna get my rank back didnt play for a few months
could be due to ETH rise ppl rushing in there are also rumour say because of the bitcoin billionaire project
Yup! Really amazing that the team has everyone planned out even before the launch! Curious to find out more about the teams background because this is amazing stuff
TKBit  just have to set limits or just say hell with it and vibe all night
its annoying in a way nft projects just tanked
LETS GOOO   we should be early enough since there are still a ton of wl spots left over
This chat is moving hard to keep up with everyone lol
its all G! ill get the WL eventually. im just here to build this community from the ground up!
caleb Oh wow ahahahah i love gaming and watching dramas.... and err cooking
woaaahhh thats sick this is going placrs
big facts though ! this is me trynna read the chat logs  aPESTripleEyes
Alt coins pumping and alts are mostly on eth blockchain
shiba happened to gas lol. that shit went crazy
Hows you day bro? Any good news today?
still good I guess not copping anything recently waiting for gas to go down a little bit
yeah they need to lol growing so fast
LOOL accurate af. Siftin through them messages be givin u seizures
Bitcoin billionaire gas was mad cheap
Yes it is! Everyone is super enthu which is great actually haha
Most definitely! All diamond hands here! What an amazing community!
This is like immutable apes chat all over wgain
Go make some meme try your luck memes
i want the wyvern so bad imma trade my soul in for the next days
Youll have to come all the way to NZ to find out 
beastcrypto99HAPE cryptodanny thabk you thank you
yea is a good chance for everyone
wait actually? where in New Zealand?
did you mint? when it just started the gas are crazy.. i think during midday the gas was ok
I love how we are chilling and hanig  out on a friday night
Thats what we wanna MOD selecting diamond hands only fo the green name hahhaha
We got this buddy. Still got slots for WL
Yall really notice differences between the different caves?
Doing good brother how about yourself
gas is not goin down for another few days...
defintiely you seen the bots in there? Kek
Dont sell this cheap man if you wanna miss bilionaire
yes there are goblins in the back of these caves 
How did your day go? Its pouring ass by me
thats wassup Im in college rn but I started cutting in freshmen year of hs and stopped taking it seriously at the start of college. what games you be on? I play val rn and a lil bit of new world
IYKYK Clean yeee wassup brother what do you think of a 1997 dinan e36 m3?
Im already sweatin of fear n hussle
Thats the way! Be here for the community
yh from what i saw during the last giveaway they really seem to check for bots so thats good
Ryu JLuna  Auckland ! Covid central HAHA
Yeah I have a few things minting now or tomorrow that I was contemplating but I havent yet because of gas
Chill cave does seem more chill. Ny energy level is too high ti be there. Probably prior to sleep could go there
im not buying anything rn so idk whats its even at lol
yooo facts also playing new world im addicted to this game
Yeah man Its been fluctuating above 100 for awhile
you can check out whitelistinfo Engaging in community is the key!
caleb im in rainbow 6 and battlefield
certainly and a lot of project is launching this week
bro it is  reminds me Kaiju but with different vibes
my friend told me to buy matic hes a genius
am i correct when i say that the total mint will be 3500?
Damn been trying to buy a specific nft for days but gas is way too high
yes sir its going to be fire too. cant wait to see more
Wow arent u glad u listen to him
thats important plenty people cheat those
Hahahaha good to keep the spirit up bro! We welcome you here in cave 2 too!
yooo i use to play r6 hella last year and the start of this year. whats your rank i left off at plat 3 cuz me and my homies were throwing kek
me either just know its been hella high recently lol
Feels like this is gonna be bigger
Damn that sucks I hope we get out of this covid thing already it keeps on messing up my flights and all my plans 
Dont forget to go show some love on twitter fam official link found here officiallinks
TylerTakesATrip Not goin down as eth rising and doge and shiba fighting still
Today ? Ye Ive been waiting for mad ape tournament hopefully they will perform well
Love the way this community is going to be built up real interactions no invites
Absolutely. And we will have diamond community.
I think so too  wyverns goin to the moon
top 200 is at least lvl 12 now 
Insane chat with 1 min slowdown too lol
Im on whitelist c for mad ape. I mint tomorrow. Hopefully I can get a couple if gas isnt ridiculous
damn shiba really still be pumping?
yh didnt 3 of the ppl that got rerolled all join the last 15 mins lol
Would have been a better tip a couple weeks ago 
Yeah it is only going to get bigger and bigger!
just checked wl leaderboard its nearing lvl 13 mate xD
We now have 7.6k members in just days!
caleb ahahhahaahah i suck and dont play rank. Just play for fun with friends
the ones that got rerolled did not meet the chat engagement requirements smilen
Welcome to Cave 2! Its a lot quieter in here doglaughing
Whats your favourite cw. Fire or ice
i should change my pfp to a female so more people interact with me lol
you can check out whitelistinfo Engaging in community is the key!
Hahaha yes. I began here and when the pace was too fast was recommended Cave2 back then. Theyre now fast too hahahaha
50k by the end of next week mate
Anyone know when the next trivia night is friends?
224 theres hydrogen and oxygen in water shib will crash
Im looking at cars rn in the like 2040 k range. what would you recommend me? maybe like a IS350
Cave 2 on the phone is feeling like cave 1 on thenPC
egg tart yo i remember that anime sick profile pic ive seen that gif before too hahaha
Omg yes ! Hows about I was supposed to go Gold Coast right after she locked it down . I was actually going to cry HAHAHA
Fire for me bro! I suppose ice for you? 
happens sorta randomly gotta keep your eye for it
yh but from the timer i saw they all had joined just then too. or most of them did
easy claim team so hard working
Totally bonkers but yet deserved
Yea ice wyvern that breathes fire is dope af
might be later today should be in 10 hours something
yeha mobile is slow unfortunately
gonna diamond hand if i get this
hi MAGNESIUM  lets build a organic growth community real conversation is important to build a strong community it is essential for long term sustainability
Thats is brilliant. Noticed how fast the Buber are going up too.
Imagine 50k member organic. it would be hugeee! hahahahah
like the organic growth as well
Any guesses on server stats  launch? Im guessing 50k!
nah i wish lol the project can be a good project long term
anyone else here buying ISLANDBOY ?
No bro youre cool Im really into boonji it will moonji
Well said bro I support you always say some wise words
JNGUYEN  Cosmic Wyvern  hard to say only gonna give few min warning due to leak of last one
Its growin crazy fast im guessin by sunday we at 10k
good! just joined the server heard some good things
me too put im still playing new world lol so...
Thanks for the response bro! Appreciate it
billckq007  nah bro Im from Australia! What about yourself?
will you diamond hands when you get an offer like the one that cryptopunkz got  ? 500m usd worth of eth
The amount we have just now is impressive in itself
great things coming from the wyverns!!
true ive got 2 for now but you can tell this a good quality project
Now that sounds easily achievable! How insane would it to have a WL spot knowing youve guaranteed a future blue chip. This project without a doubt is going places
Hey guys whats up  hope yall having a great day
Im from Malaysia nice meeting uou
Anyone getting any NFTs on secondary in this dip?
is there any competitions for wl ?
hard to guess since we dont have a lauch date setted. 
how long is everyone in for tonight?
I would try to top frag in rank and that would make me play terrible so i was hard stuck gold for a min you copped the new BF? the movement kinda looks sick to me even though some of my homies say its dumb
Not yet I think nft will drop some more since eth looks so bullish
yes currentoy it is top 200 activity !
Souhate oh man congrats bro. When did u turn green? U were the one who asked me the millionate quiz?
Yeah but after were going to the moon
Nice meeting you too bro! Hows the weather there rn? So hot in Aus rn
ohwell the important thing is that the bots are doing work 
Oh yeah that would be ez moon LMAO if only.
We have officially entered THE CAVE!  That rings well!
oh nice have a feeling that they will do well. Im on og list haha. Waiting too long for them to drop
TKBit did you watch the video ?
dipflip Hahahahahaha i might cave but look at the guy who rejected a 9.6 million offer on his crypto punks
Fugazzi is grinding hard since yesterday. I remember you YGMI
Would you give up ur left kidney for wyverns
HAHAHAHAH why is that sadly true
Not to sure might go out soon hows the night going
rkm Can I bring you back to the states
the community is impressive so far  those spammers are not sustainable  they just gonna get their role and just leave the project
they are probably working on it lol
haha that guy had a whole story right? something about it being priceless and whatnot and that he isnt willing to sell
sheeeeesh im gonna praise u then!
I need someone to pick what kind of energy drink i have tonight Morchize any suggestions
Go make some meme try your luck memes    .be helpful for comunity its kay to whitelist
sheesh u a wild one. best i can do is give up a coupla pinkies
all Kaju owner you had your turn leave this for the ones that missed out .... hahaha jokes... ot really tho
That was a marketing stunt.  Owner took a loan and bought his own punk
That meme killed me. Not my work! I took it! Do not give me credit. Just sharing the joy
Very true indeed .. say no to spammers
they gonna get the ban hammer bro dw mods are awesome and see everything
whats the difference between cave  and cave 2?
Aww man that must suck summer is the worse weather imo
Nah i did not hahahahaha just sticking to BF 1 and 5
just back from the shower grindingggg
If I dont make whitelist for this I gonna need to pay resell hahahah because im in love with the wyverns already!
Red Bull or Starbucks Mocha Caramel
Yup top 200 active members! You can check out whitelistinfo for other ways you can get a chance to get into WL!
Nah i hate marketing stunts like that. Rolex or tesla giveaways
WAGMI today and Eat WAGYU later Lets go
hahaha do I get that green card 
That is insane. I dont blame him for holding. NFT space is still yet to be discovered by so many. And when it is his punk is only go king to further increase
Hey mate just watching it now actually
They just 2 different chats cave 2 is a little more chill
u cant sleep yet the lakers gonna play soon.
I just cracked into the 200s. Im 298 I think
Only the flavored cans lol original sucks i was thinking maybe a reign or Aftershock i think is what its called Morchize
Its going to create some more hype! 
after this wl we all gon be rich 
can they see what im wearing rn
Cave 2 bout to gro crazy too hahahaha
oh arent you quite close then? if you focus on it you should be able to make it quite easily
We get used to it if weather like this . But I know mostly cold weather in Australia
damn i keep missing the giveaways haha
Yea for sure man leave this for us peasants....
BF1 and BF5 were pretty fun but i ran into wayyy too many cheaters waimbot and shii
what you mean rich? i have no plans on selling
Yeah but you gotta marry me  pepeshy 
Fr fr this project looking good
Anyone else here from Australia!
The utility and tokenomics are enough. Hodl all the way
Yeah bro if we gonna get a slot.
Coke yeah Im sure too we hit that easy
Getting late for me on the est!
hey marketing stunt or not im not going to decline 500m 
nah but got gamer friends there
Ehh aussie weather is crazy one day could be hot as next day will be coldstorming
BlockBrodie Yeah mate! From sydney! Glad to see another aussie in the chat
Originally living in Japan atm though
Fr man its moving just as fast now Im stoked on this project its going crazy
might just take some pre... shit why not thats easy dry scoop that sht rn
Hopefully we can actually make it lmao
dont give up  Be active and helpful in the communityis the key! for  WL
hope i can get the whitelist keep going guys we r on this together
Yes Brisbane bro. How about you?
honestly i had to go to dunedin early without any of my things at the start of the year cause i was scared it would go lockdown and i couldnt start the year off
Im hoping too. Im going to keep posting and climbing. It all depends on when they stop it
we can make it brotha if we just keep good vibe and chilling in here
good luck brother remain being active and helpful in the community! you got this 
yeah spread good vibes is keep motivating each other always.. wyverns for life ! 
Ahah good to see another Aussie thats great im in WA
happy to be hanging with you guys tonight
Lets go guys! Active and get WL
caleb Yea man wonder why cheaters always want to spoil the fun for everyone
Keep doing it bro keep helping the community.
yh i find it insane that he declined but maybe his whole financial status is another game al together.
Coke oh seriously? yikes man lame. but doesnt he have to pay huge taxes on it then? ...
everyone grinding on this friday night
i need someone that has google doc exp to come to the food channel please!
Gotta say I wish I got into that one so badly!!! 
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T yeah haha we shall make it. I will try my best but I dont have alot of time
getting late here! just gotta get my wife from work then i can go to bed haha. This chat keeping me stimulated
Ahh WA? didnt even know people lived there 
Legit the whole year feels like its gone to waste now ! Im like damn I just want a summer
just gotta pray and hope it lowers soon...
wow that would be insane. in which city?
We are so early.. in this project
Its absolutely crazy bruh hahahaha lovin the vibe how everyones just conversatin
Great bro taking fam out now. Wbu ? Hope youre having a great day 
if anybody have any question do just ask we r ready to help 247
Hows yours bro? Feeling good today?
How many people we have on here alreadsy?
Wats the difference between caves?
this is insane the art is way too good
Limitless C00L this is the best cave
Working my way to top 200 now. I just started
yh its a bummer you dont know when it stops maybe you can predict it based on their timezone. owners should be from the Philippines
oh just read someone elses reply so it was a marketing stunt of an owner buying his own shit lame
same thing with MW2019 soo many cheaters and wz is even worse because its free. so the cheaters just need phone verified accounts to get on the game again and cheat
Haha they definitely keep you busy!
last week stayed up until 530am a few times on discord not happening again lol
always check announcements to keep  updated
I can see top ppl are already lvl 10. will be super hard to catch up with them
Yeah mans prolly a rich dude who doesnt care hahahahah not everyone can take a 500m dollar loan
That is very true. For someone willing to spend almost 10 million on NFTS only shows the spaces potential. Its definitely the new way of investing
Actually insane saw this guys twitter 2 days ago with 200 followers Im regretting not joining earlier
ay nice job man one step at a time!!
Ahahahaa not many of us but we exist ahahaa
Looking forward to get this cute dragon
Guys watch out for scam emails. they are starting... The Devs will never send out a DM...remember
Dont give up. sure can do it. as long as you do it with your heart  the mod will definitely see
foofeethefeefoo hey bro nice meeting you i am PJ selangor
When shib retraces it will hopefully lower
yeah its growing so fast i cant keep up hahaha
Cant wait for this proj to drop!
this cave is definitely the nicest cave around
i usually say morning instead of good morning because on a good morning id be truckin
yeah ive been busy with exams so I havent been able to keep up with this unfortunately 
Amen brother growing quickly. Really excited about being part of this project
you get the wl buy a wyvern sell it for 1m and invest it into an us company 
Hahahaha good to hear is there weather there as messed up as over in sydney aswell?
Hmm i think there are many people who do chatting on cave 1 compared to cave 2
Do u guys think DAOs will be in trouvble? cuz IRL fractionalising art makes those fractions securities
yeah its was a bad recovery for a few days lmao
Lovely fam day  I just woke up haha
yea market overall has been crazy lots of nfts are down
Yeah me too. It feels different eh
How many can we mint anybody knows ?
At the moment yeah its all over the place 23 and blue skys today tho which is a treat
always check announcements to keep  updated
Anyone else in the presale for the lions royalty club?
LOL! coffee might be a good idea....speaking of mornings
true true its a drag. but i think if you are active you will get noticed either way. so keep fighting brother
I actually go back and forth so I can hold 2 conversations with the 1 min cooldown
Cali gang gang raise ya handsss
Gonna be hard to actually enforce
some of my boys are crazy with the degen hours and plays during those times lol
Bro focus on CW. 1 CW is enough and greater than other NFT
Only 1 bro the stock is only 3k
Man top 200 is insane. Think i will have to grind 247
Have you checked out the road map?
Doing great  hope you have a nice day too 
Cave 1 is much faster. Cave 2 you can have a few conversations.. so better to hang here
For anyone new like me check the whitelistinfo  to know how to get into the WL
someone just replied to me and i lost the ping cus chats flyinggg smile  omg
hahaha true imagine the collateral you would need to even get such a loan
As long as you give me all of yours 
Actually 1 per person! That so good for the project!
By the time SEC thinks about it Bull run will be over.  NFTs are small atm compared to the rest of crypto space
Yeah all over the place here aswell sunny rn but meant to storm later
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T heyy man! Nice meeting you! how are you mate
naw man just gotta go at a steady pace and find time available in your day to be active!
You have to search the reply? Or 
I cant keep up the pace too fast
pumping out some meme wish me luck
Yea since its all decentralised. Just worried people will cause FUD then tank the token
Lets do it together ! Im new here too 
Its good to have a diverse portfolio to help minimize risk
Gotta get some rest! Catch you all in the morning!! 
Yeah I have  what about it ?? Theyre seem to be making some good progress  keen to see website
Thanks bro your pfp too as well
You too mate have a nice day. enjoy and have fun
dms should be off for every server you go to especially with the influx in hacking
yup pretty much who knows and it really becomes the next gen of mona lisas etc
GNaga  WYVERN  yup kinda lame but its we then. wonder how much further punkz can go
you can always move to chillcave  its not as hectic as cave 1 and 2 for the mean time there KEKWaddle
Lets get this body super stoked about this project
Mfka prolly a billionaire hahahahah but then cryptopunk peeps already millionaires now. If u check them wallets them peeps be holdin 50 to 100 cryptopunks a wallet. Thats crazy
im good brotha feel so good after lockdown specially i got hair cut the other day feel so so different
Everyone remember to set up 2FA and turn off private message from server! Protect yourself and ask for advice! We are always willing to help
Well I think we need something decentralized marketplace wise instead of open sea
youll get used to it in no time
Hoping for this to be my first NFT purchase I see youre in Head how is that
Sheesh the activity in cave 2 so fast now
yeah i rekon ive just been a fixture on here all day 
doesnt compare to cave 1 though
Im doing pretty awesome and how are you doing tonight? How did you end up finding this project? Also how long you been here for?
Seems like the website is being worked on atm interested to find out more about mint details when they come
can someone shoot the gas man please
yea with coinbase NFTs we will flood in at least 100 million new users
so much activity everywhere bro
Yeah I have  what about it ?? They seem to be making some good progress  keen to see website
hello! hope u are doing well too !
Lets rock to the moon with this project
it is but it will filter the ones who really want a wyvern from those who dont but u dont have to participate in the activity u kno
i didnt see gas get lower than 100 last 3 days 
Yes except NFTS have a purpose rather than sitting on a wall. The games breeding utility etc. the list goes on
Hahaha Im still trying to keep up! The fact that Im still struggling to recover from yesterday!
Gas more expensive than little projects NFT its crazy
Haha if youre down Im down lol 
I like cave 2 more  its slightly less hectic lol
Wow nice pick for first NFT my first was the Bored Mummy Waking up. What about yours first NFT guys?
Yeah cave 1 flying by lmao preal yesssir this project so fire cant wait
Good choice man! This is a great project for your first buy!
well i bet the ones that bought them bought a bunch since they were  1 eth each. or its a big conspiracy oh whales working together 
Have alook at their chill cave too
Not much. Looking into it more now though
thank you king! the vibes here are immaculate
problem is opensea has the most volume and users and NFTs need volume to survive its their life blood
yea man! slowly more and more people finding out 
ok this is very unique hahaha first time i saw a no exp day xD
Doing great here just woke up  hbu ?
Yeah Ikr that fresh cut just feels different makes you a whole new man
BlockBrodie yeah its good bro! I reckon its a good bluechip NFT chip they have bought quite a few in the top NFT projects that I like so far so going to be holding it for awhile
theres gonna be a lot of dedicate people in here that want it really bad
Totally but hopefully itll change in the future
we still have a lot of chance to be whitelist all of us are still new here just have to be active and helpful to each others participate in triviaquiz and giveaways
Yeah theres too many scam in there
ShihTzu  THANK YOU so much i appreciate it lol ive been zoning in on this so hard
Actually the big holders had all 50 to 100 of then minted since it was a legit free mint 4 yrs ago gahagagag
Im great bro todays a good day for the business
Just hard to talk in 1 minute bursts 
billckq007  Im with you except Im going to Mars
still gonna chill here xp or not   
Haha nice just woke up and here u are. Its the new norm now hahaha
No more xp. I wouldnt have minded a few more hours now that Im free
Yea yea and then its cave 3! Hahhaa
haha admin said yall can chill now PepeLaugh
The thing is for a nft project to be successful members have roles to play as well
alright yall i gotta go touch some grass soon
ShihTzu man of the ppl thumpLove thumpLove thumpLove
yep but you gotta remember supply is 100 wl!
people can actually get some rest hahahahaha thank you mod and dev u the best! very bullish on this project right now because of this l ololol
The gas prices are really starting to play its toll on some of the other projects that are just tanking in price between that and bear market cant wait for things to get better.
wafdawg but once they partner with IMX they gonna control everything. cuz no gas and high volume
ye bro really sad every transaction on os or minting cost me more 
Got to say it is an amazing announcement and initiative!
no xp day! thats so nice ppl are going too hard fr
yh thats really nice hate gas wars
How are you all doing today? Real conversations and then we all going to make it
I had seen that a very strong DAO project
Time to take a break and spend the weekend w ur loved ones!
LOL its a throwback but it makes me smile everytime haha
its kinda silly how fast cave 1 goes hard to keep focus tbh
I know I cant make top 200 Im just trying to vibe with people during my downtime at work
defo have to enjoy the quality things in life
Agreed but doesnt matter to me I didnt do it for the level 
Show some love on twitter fam!!! You can find there official link here officiallinks I would suggest following them and checking out some of the teams most recent posts! Some good content on there already!
Have a great rest everyone kinglove
yup all of it will be going to whitelist
Its getting more chilled now I like it even tho I cant hussle for my wyvner...
yeah idc about xp im not getting T200 anyway lol
hahahha insane i guess its somewhat fair since nft wasnt really a thing in the previous bull market
yea man gas wars can get pretty bad
Lol thanks my pfp is an empty gallery  will work for nfts! My first shall be a cosmic wyvern 
Yea cave 1 no chill here better
Haha yes! Real conversation still go on without xp!
I have a few questions how do we qualify for giveaway?
Yeah really liking the DAO trends so got myself into one! One of the biggest purchases Ive made so far
Welcome to the family brother this is a great community
No XP day is initialized. Rest those fingers. XP is disabled for 24 hours. Mods and Devs still watching the chats though and were still giving out whitelists all throughout the day. 
Take this time to do something outside this discord. Be with your family. Get that pending work done. Do some exercise. This community will be here when you get back.
to all the grinder! U should care for your health so if u feel tired do just rest!
So is this going to list on OS ?
Well always doing better than cave 1
Does any1 wanna bite? If no one wants ill just throw this 
never got insanely badly burned but did fail 500 gwei mints before
my bf Morchize ill see you in a few hours or in hte morning i desperately need this break
need to have at least 10 non spam message
Omg that looks so good !!! How yum
JNGUYEN  Cosmic Wyvern Wanna get into DAO but no more eth ahahahaha
Thanks close the XP   I can enjoy my birthday today
Thanks man on point! Be an active member and keep participating
Might die down that no more xp for 24 hours give us a chance to have more meaningful conversations at a slower pace!
Thats really exciting I was looking at a couple but its hard to know which ones to chose and not getting in on mint makes me hesitant
thank god for this announcement LOL my rank is saved for a night 
anyone here drive a vq car 350zg35?
when is the mint  whitelist claim date? Do you guys know?
You guys are the best clearly looking out for the community and their health. 
Nice place to be in cosmic wyvern haha
lol ive been in this discord like 56 hours today haha its been fun connecting with people see yall in the morning its funny too cause family just got here haha thanks again Mr. Master Wyvern
are u srs my birthday too anw we could get wl if i can proof today is my birthday haha
imagine if u got green on your birthday. Happy Birthday btw! 
yh i suppose so they might just give more wl out manually since the grinders are off to bed. altho you can always have those convos in cave to or the chill cave
got it boss working on it every day!
Ill present my true feelings for this project throughout this day
Guys go check out roadmap exciting times ahead!
Anyone know what happen to dragon?
Yes I agree with that. Sometimes people talk just to talk but I use my time to gather data and educate others about crypto space
ahhaah hell no  just stay active ok !!! active and helpful isthe key to get WL !
We are for all of you thats why
bye guys going to spend time with the family mad Love From Sydney Australia
oh can you check mine and see if its non spam hahahahaha
Yeah the site has only been running a couple of days
oh exp is disabled but we can still hang if u guys are down
Were in the right place brother this is the way
Yeah Ive skipped a couple of mints just because gas was terrible
what if they pause xp to take a snapshot 
Now thats the present of a lifetime
And i must say you all are the best
hahaha yeah Ive spent most of my eth on the project  gas fees bro killed me but I trust in the project.
BlockBrodie yeah it is hard since it is based on what the community votes to buy in and how large the treasury is! But I do love the idea of staking NFTs!
Yeah insane how just last year NFTs were a silent dragon bruh. It was meh. But now it went nuts esp back august
And we will see exponential geowth in numbers. Amazing how all the chats here have no bots. Great execution
ur so active in cave 2 love it magnesium
well then theres nothing you can do anyway since exp is paused xD
i know just jk brotha i already chilling in here 4 days already
Any newbies that are unsure about anything please reply to me and i will help direct you as best i can! From a fellow newbie 
hahaha nono  I appreciate they close XP so I can go outside to enjoy real life 861687609490276382
How bout this monster? I present to you the jawbreaker!
ill catch you tomorrow have a nice evening! Thanks!
LOL damn 3 patties is a lot tho
best community I have seen in a long time flame
I kinda keep flipping channels holding like 2 or 3 conversations at a time with the 1 minute timer its not too bad. Just makes me dizzy scrolling the chat to find the replies haha. 
mrxclusive also hello to you Im pretty sure were in a few other projects together haha!! How you doing tonight?
Thinking on what to name my wyvern?
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend Nice enjoy ur day
healthy community means better chance for this project to stonk. Love to be here
Yea and staking needs gas as well. I have 1 halloween bear that has been staked. But there is a problem with their contract and now i got to unstake haizz
great idea behind the 24h grace period
Ky yea man its about the community not just getting top 200
There is bro you got to just grind
Bruh august bullrun was craazzyyyyy.
haha non spam as in just casual convo. I think your msg looks fine
Yo those burgers look fat ! Surely have to be American 
what u mean by no more exp  im gonna have heart attack rn
I am from Singapore bro! Read earlier that you are from HK?
I like ur name Magnesium  are u chemistry lover ?
Yup I remember your name. Im almost at the end of my evening shift then I have vacation. I feel I will still be on discord on my vacation haha
Aww man that sucks! But yeah everything cost gas man just waiting for eth 2.0 to come out save all our wallets
Dont forget to read the recent announcements
is there a chat to talk about other nft drops?
GN guys was amazing interacting with you all I will see you guys tomorrow!
JNGUYEN  Cosmic Wyvern What DAO projects u in? But eth 2.0 DELAY AGAIN LOL
i cant even remember my own name at the end of a work day
Hahaha we all should take time off for a bit. Also great opportunity to let us chat in a relaxed mode. All the best everyone
Damn ! Wish we had burgers like that !! Hahaha
I think there is bro u can check out rest of the other channels
you shouldnt man i think there is a 1525 exp per min cap so take it easy
oh yeah just read announcements  no exp for 1 day guys go have a rest kek
yes less LFG WAGMI or some bot intent here DAMN haha
You need to get a name Tag haha.
Just headdao right now and hopefully this one  but yeah looking for more projects to get into! What about yourself?
Yeah eth 2.0 taking too long to come!
lol no xp day but everyone still chatting haha. what a healthy community haha
seems like most people just drop links there without talking lol
But this proj does not have any staking and DAO right?
Probs cause of the no XP people are going to stop talking  good for those who actually need a rest !
are we gonna caught some bots today  kek
Have a rest or enjoy your time in here no need to spam fam 
WOW this looks bomb. Whats it called bro?
Yeah you can definitely tell the difference  you can rely on the almost 8K members here
I see you with that pumpkin head fam 
True Wyvern fans are showing now
i love this discord gave us xp break so we could spend time with family so wholesome
lol love that name looks amazing
This project does have staking! Their coin is  BREATH! 1 BREATH   1 BREATH 
That actually looks so good ! Im hungry now  ryngtchln  Im from New Zealand !
I can agree with that Ive got a few coming up ETH is climbing and Im so freaking strapped for cash i dunno what to do. 
mrxclusive yeah definitely wish I had some vacation going so I could focus on what I care about my family and the crypto space freaking job is just soul crushing lol. 
constantine its because I enjoy engaging with people and meeting new people not for the xp grind or Id be happy sending one message per minute with minimal effort.
yes sir it Saturday so not much to do but enjoy the chat hehe
Dont worry you are going to make it brother
ikr.. which project ever does that lol
Absolutely! We all fam here bringing good vibes!
Well we are here to chill as well 
That is just normal generation of token not staking. Like kaiju kingz and cyber kongz. But we will have LP here
im conflicted my eths up hella but nfts are down
Maybe Bot are off today remember the name and tmr they shall on back 6004spongekong
ShihTzu nice too see that you care a lot about us and let the people get some rest. havent seen this before good job
Wow  just when I had the weekend to get on this  But I have to say that this makes a lot of sense
So any of yall like drugs just sayin spice a chat up cause we in xp lockdown LOL
Helloooo ! Ahaha  cody405  it also could be bc people live in different time zones ahaha
i just finished exams today so it feels really good they did that
bots can rest for 1 day lol kek
grinding while market slow is the best thing to do now haha
Ahh really didnt know that! Thanks for letting me know bro!
super bullish! cant forget about gamification too
marijuana my drug of choice im just so compatible with cuz all i do is chill in discord
Just another example of the Devs  Mods here thinking about it  Well Done Cosmic Wyverns.. Go and see the real world out there
Yea man they already have models!
ah agree with that just mentioned it because i can imagine it being a headache switching between chats to have multiple convos
must be a nice feeling bro haha can focus on wyverns now all day
For WL ! Thats why ahah  but it also shows whos in for for the community
is there any bots here at all i couldnt see one all legit pp and good vibe here
JNGUYEN  Cosmic Wyvern OMG its called Breath! Fantastic! Im watching Godzilla KOM now with my son!
Ayooo ngl im high all the time im in discord. Helps with all the craziness ya feel hahhagagag we chillin
But why is ranking up important. Do we win something?
true that didnt see one neither
imagine if we all stop now we can catch all the bot being spam non stop
gas fees are actually making me sad
Not sure buddy have to ask Mod  I believe I see some bot and all get report and bye  
I have a little coke spoon for you ahaha !
ye watching the market go back up slowly also fun kek
Oh well thats something that is around and happens. Lets ignore negativity and be one big happy family
No probs ok imma head out and grab some food now bye man!
If youre ranked top 200 of being active you get a WL spot bro
I mean. You really gonna ask a guy named coke hahahahahaa
yup or cam just stay active as mods are watching us eyeshake
I just woke up and dev decides to give us rest? Haha
Its not too bad with the 1 min timer if it was 30 seconds I couldnt do it lol. I just find 1 minute is a long drawn out wait for a conversation but if we were at 30 sec chat would be impossible haha
Laters bro take care! Thanks for helping out 
im keep watching gas price from this morning always at 110200 all the time  
Hahaha yes the messages would just be flying around if it is 30 seconds or shorter! 
ETH Gas is a drug bro shit is always high asf
Bots have been reported and already take actions about it. If there are still any do not hesitate to report it to us. After all we all want a fair community
Lmao coke spoon aint discreet for a party home girll. U cant be carryin a coke spoon in ya pocketin clubs hahahahahaha
thats why we are here !and enjoy
true 30 s would be way too short. just find going up and finding the damn reply of someone a pain
Yes bro! Otherwise can get a WL through competitions they run! Can be found in faqs
However no xp the chat has cut in half atleast lol Im not finding it nearly as crazy to sit and chat now!!  How are you  doing tonight?
HAHAHA when youre a girl  you can do anything 
Yessss haha I might continue my sleep now
but I hope they will notice me too even if I dont get that
Ill keep my eyes out for them as best I can they just ruin it for everybody involved!   
constantine wouldnt it haha! Wouldnt be able to even find the reply to talk to somebody!!!
Oh wow even if its just people spamming chat? Surely the mods look at the actual engagement with the community
Wheres everyone from actually ? Just wanna gauge on time zones
there no exp today everything will be freezeeeee 
better have some fast fingers then and multiple tabs open or something xD
Ofc yall got handbags everywhere. But theres nothin like them old key bumbs. Quick and enough for 2 nose bumps ya feelll
Yeah no xp but the conversation still continues! I first joined 36 hours ago with one cave and it was crazy man! Literally couldnt read anything haha. With two chats it got better and now without xp it is getting even better haha. I am based in Asia so it is morning time here 
of cos not! therell be QCs on your convos.. the devs are always watching
yeah exactly going to grind this out all day long ahhahahaha
! Cosmic Wyvern  Broking T no lies detected!
Hahah its 330 pm on a Saturday in Newzealand Wby ?
Yeah thats what I thought HAHHAHA reminds me of Monsters Ink Im watching you mike wazowski
anybody get a skeletal wyvern shield drop when they slayed some wyvers?? 
yup bro make sure u enjoy and help as much as you can
is that why you guys decide to have a no xp day ? so more bots will be caught?
yes sir but all i can see is a genuine community in this cave kek
Cave 2 still better than cave 1?
ayyy in NY too u know the vibes chopped cheese from the ockk
i think those bots are mostly in cave 1 because that one goes so fast its hard to moderate
Infinitely. Cave 1 be aids hahahahahah
Hehe youre being watched all the time! Thats why bots here got kicked and banned even though they managed to get wl
This is the most genuine community 
haha the rivalry begins.... who has already committed loyalty to a specific cave? vote below... 1 for cave 1 and 2 for cave 2
they gonna caught u brotha u are Ai bot kek  jk jk
PA. Ive been in NC a few times mostly gatlinburg TN close.
Lol not sure what kind of bots can reply you haha 
holanihao I like it with no xp and 2 chats makes it easy to find the conversations and really hold them lol! Where abouts in Asia? Im in canada myself its like 1030pm here how is Saturday treating you lol
Just looked at cave 1 and can confirm.
Newcomer tips and tricks for WL Be helpful and active in the community it might just pay off  More details here announcements and here whitelistinfo
Keys are perfect bruh. U get 2 bumps then you scoop them residue that gets stuck between the cracks and gums that biii! LOOOLL
Hahahaha we have a professional 
Yeah good! I hate bots always snatching up the good projects! Glad the mods are kicking them out
will they notice me no that all grinders are gone
Hello cave 2 main one lol im back what did I miss
not even talked to a single mod but They seem like dope people!!
any1 else a CS degree in here ez thumbjackharlowjackharlow695102
most are just floating btween both.
Cave 2 hits somehow I get more interactions in here. But still love the vibe in og cave. How you doing fam?
yes sirrrrrr we trying to make this community grow naturally
Hey there how are you doing tonight?
Cave 2 seems to hate cave 1 I havent seen anything about cave 1 hating cave 2
Did mod switch off xp so we can rest?
I see u get what im talkin bout LOL we gon be best friends
u already completed your degree? im only a junior still a way to go  what language do u prefer c all the way for me evil
i have an EE degree. sort of the same
Thanks!!! 3 hows it going on there?
Ayo? Howd I miss that? I want a slice 
Peter T. great man thanks for asking! How about yourself?
GO SHOW SOME TWITTER LOVE PEOPLE! You can find the official link here officiallinks
Hahahah besties  lets turn this cave into a rave hahaha
Hahaha yes yes I do that too haha I like to interact
we still have a lot of chance to be whitelist all of us are still new here just have to be active and helpful to each others participate in triviaquiz and giveaways
def python i did c first and it caused me mad stress
Good thanks going to head to the lake to catch some autumn colours with the fam. Great day for it
They too busy havin seizures lmaooo
had to come back to the better cave 
damn i love rave  let party pp cooldoge
i was debating a EE ME or CS and decided on CS since i didnt want to take physics and Chem as much
wait to you start using CRTP and metaprogramming you might then turn to either love or hate C
Man I am so excited for what is to come for those that want more info. I should suggest checking out roadmap
Imagine no XP no grind and so many member active nice community
ayyy broo! I swear i saw you in the cultists chat?!!! wasssup!!
i hated learning python i had a terrible professor i wish i started with something easy like node.js
rkm LOL get them candies in here too if we boutta rave.
NvisibleBully i see u bro ino u know LOL
Good man I see we share a lot of mutual servers so you doing good too
Yes its way more chill bro we are every where
Awww sounds like a great fam day enjoy yourselves my friend 
does anyone know when the next bot giveaway is going to be?
I need a wyvern to keep me cozy
Lets get some strobe lights going in this chat HAHAHA 
Coke  lollipops are the best ahaha
drop the beat DJ hyperfastparrot
Nope its up to the team to decide. Set the notification on mobile on for the alerts! giveaways
ahh yeah bro i just realised after checking haha i m doing good just got up from my sleep
I will look into to it so im prepared when the time comes ez
Id live in the cave with my wyvern!
Im talkin bout a different kinda candy LOL
Cave 2 is more chilled as compared to 1
Based in Singapore and it is 10.30am now! Grateful to have the opportunity to have some rest over the weekend work has been crazy man! Nice which part of Canada are you from? Havent been to Canada and am not super familiar with it by I heard there are one area that is predominantly English speaking and another French speaking? Guessing you are from the English speaking part?
Thank you! Will see you later on no doubt. Have a great day
mostly used for low latency stack but its a very good still to have
Ahh it finally calmed down enough i can come back to cave 2 lol
Going great. Had a good rest. Now chilling with the fam here. Up to anything todaytonight?
doing pretty good!! how about u
Slow NFT day just waiting around
Haha idk what that is bro lol but I was just vibing lmao 
oooo im all for making programs faster that why i stick with c
doing good so far how about you sir
true man didnt see much nft happening in past few days seems like a bear market
doing good just talking to like a bajillion ppl in seperate discords. how was your day?
Chill cave was the move but it just got pretty slow
LEts the party begin 861687609490276382
xp is down so Im assuming most people left. the real ones stays. haha. 
see youre in Eth towers thats great. Im in there too.
that call hardstyle brotha Au favorite music kek
Alt coin prices rippin but I minted a bunch of bad grandmas on IMX
bro cave 1 got unlimited messages hahaha I love it
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend just know man I just know 
Peter T. was gonna play some games with my friend but I think he fell asleep  anything going on with you?
it hasnt dipped below 100 in so long
Im from Ontario now there is a bunch of provinces here there is one Quebec is mostly French and then another place new Brunswick is a mix of French and English but most of the country is English. I cant speak a word of French and I wish I took it more seriously as a kid.
Im quite close to your place Im in Penang
i mean if that is your goal then thats cool but i think for the most part python is quick enough for alsmot everything these days unless youre doing HFT or latency sensitive things
are you sure bro I dont think thats how it works
sounds busy haha it was good! just spent most of my day playing games  did you do anything today?
YES! Im also a CD and CM holder! Glad to see a friendly few friendly faces here. yeah i figured that would happen after i saw the announcement
All the DOGE and SHIB users wrecking the gas price
3days  so far very sad make everything go slower
noticing there are quite a number of bears deluxe holders in here!
What to do in future hope is possible to come out with OS layer 2?
by any chance did eth almost or did it hit a new peak today?
Gas be criminal rn bruh at this point its like buying gas and gettin free NFT. Fked up hahahahhahah
oo what games do u play maybe we can play sometime. i did a few errands and just been on discord all day other than that
Need these alt coin run to dye down 
good so far better since ive found this amazing community 
Nice thats probably a sign then this is going to be a good project
lol. no just watching a fellow card breaker on youtube and chilling in here. any plans for halloween?
Bears deluxe that is one I screwed up for sure!  Bought 7 bw .01 and .1 and paperhanded them
yea its just all the people who wanna talk
im so bullish on the metaverse... That Meta facebook stuff is really interesting! i know people hate  Zuck but hes bringing in the masses into web3 crypto and the metaverse. this may be the BIGGEST bull flag yet for cryptoweb3..
indeed! there is a lot of good signs here!
bro u have best friend rh im paperhand them super quick  so stupid
I always wanted to make  HFT bot for the stock market but didnt wanna risk my money knowing how volatile it is and understanding calls at the right time is another story with graph analyzation and different formations
my main game is valorant ive been playing league  apex past few days but i just finished up playing phas wbu
BTC gonna end the year at 150k so imagine the gains on everything else
Might be goin down to Rutgers  chillin with some people
Hows it going ?! Doing much this weekend ?
hey good to hear and see your supporting it already
Alright cincai bro where are you from?
Only thing Im bullish on is. NFTs haha 
Any info when they going to launch ?
Sweet!! Great to have fellow dadmom holder in here. How are you doing fam?
yeah i think hindsight is crystal clear. I mean you identified the projects early and pulled the trigger!
i think the run up was a bit of market beta and everything went up along with Bears having one of the most solid communities
i knowww crazy time to be aline rn
not much i think my friend is coming to visit might hit a bar some time sunday how about you?
Anyone gonna be at NFT NYC? Im from NYC
Yoo thats good ! Just chilling at home whole it pours down with rain 
ye i like organic grow bro there always something good about it
Ok gonna be fun. Stay safe my man.
Well continue to build the community and trust the process
i think the nft run is going to come back like crazy
so if youa re doing HFT you really want to capitalise on the volatility. Ie volatiliy is your best friend as there will be discrepancies in prices in the market that you can arb. 
HFT is basically free money unless you have an operation issue
yea its kinda pouring out there where you from?
NFT run will happen after alt coin run
Im doing great! Just trying to kick back and enjoy my Friday night! Might have to order some food soon though. gettin the late night munchies
i used to play valorant until it got boring to me and i just got back into apex what rank are you?
WiFi not really working anyone else
rkmHeading to sleep baby have a good night queen
damn most the homies that i was having convos are off now sadge
I hope so! And thats the goal  How about you? Got any plans?
ahaha ye I guess ppl need to rest especially on no xp day
Bet!! This bear run really be killin low level projects fam. HUGE F all around the chart
organic growth is the only sign of good hype lfg
Australian here! I cant wait for international travel
ahh i find val really fun imo as its my first shooter  i reached pretty high in it im trying to get into apex for like the 5th time LMAO but i only got to gold
Im great!! Whats that on your pfp? Looks cute!
Find projects you have absolute conviction in and buy them up
this! 100 organic so far and its impressive
How is everyone in cave two going?
Everyone fighting for them spots. to much work lol
Wheres my brother v1 ? dude must be tired. Been super helpful in the chat. Definitely a real one right there.
the quality is there with the art as well 02yay
im good too pfp was my deluxe bear sad story cause i paperhanded it 
Facts lmao most projects had a 50 pull back
had to give some love to my girl lmao been on discord for too long
im so excited for the metaverse... imagine walking around Middle Earth with your buddies.. exploring HOGWARTS IN VR... it WILL happen because these companies that own the rights to these franchises will push the agenda because it will make them more money. and im all for it!!
at applebees rn whats good yall
Oh maaaan bears deluxe went on a good run!
Im good bro. Had a big night couldnt sleep thinking of this project. Its like Christmas is coming early
Yeap a good way to make the NFT to be a quality one
WL spots can change ppl life haha
understandable i get not everyone has all day to chat so 24 hr break is good 
awesome fam!! get the grub on my man. uber eats ftw.
your right on the volatility just dollar cost averging at the right time and reading divergences can lead you to think one thing is going to happen but sometimes its the opposite ive had my fair share of day trading and one thing i learned you have to be quick predict the future based on formations and based on volume know when to sell i guess my only issue is having enough capital to be worth my time to deal with market fees thats add up extremely quick
Gee you might need to have a rest up bro. Dont want to run yourself down! Seeing the green is giving. mexmas vibes. How exciting
IYKYK Clean wonderful what are you having?
So after the blow off NFT top all the BS projects will crash and blue chips will moon!
I keep buying PFP projects but i never change my pfp. My pfp too  i should NFT it lmaoo
So keen bro. Where the first place youre travelling? 
daddy chill yeah bro had a nap before recharged and ready for the day now. Suns up!
We dont have specific date for minting yet I think. But surely it will be the 2nd or 3rd week of November
Would love to continue conversing here but got halloween stuff  good thing no exp day is a thing rn
Sick OG mom btw. I was hoping for one to match my Dads background
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend  im going to take a shower n be back on my bed with my phone brotha too tired to keep tracking this ridiculous gas fee
what rank r u in valorant? apex is fun u really got to learn the movement aspect tho
Checking the cave 2 it looks its still moving
i mean all the trades you are doing are going to be statistical in nature. so unless you have that wrong you are making the EV trade. 
if you are doing HFT you arent thinking about price actionformation etc
you are thinking about what you are selling against something or buying against something
Nice bro. Keep care of your health. Your body is the greatest wealth you can have. Drink your water too and move about. Lets go
I see cool! Its quite interesting to hear about how things are in the different countriesregion etc.  Which is why I guess having platforms like this is awesome for us to engage and learn from each other!
Cave 1 and 2 all part of cw community bro
It se more active cave 1 kinda slow down since all grinders quit the engagement
Ill be hanging out with the family. Probably family dinner and take my lil one out for some trick or treating.
Any other projects youre in or looking at fam?
I never said they werent brother all Im saying is that theres less bots here
immortal 2 atm i havent been playing consistently tbh and yeah apex movement seems so fun but i dont think i could be bothered to practice in the range D i enjoy learning stuff as i play it more
well atm chilling and chatting here should be the best thing you can do right now. Even though today is no xp day the team still keep giving out wl spots if ppl are active. So ye chat and enjoy 
Its 4am here and im still energised 
Whats everyones plans for the weekend? Im celebrating my gf birthday
Thanks devs and mods for caring about our health and spending time with family 
Yeah. Its good moderators did that. Otherwise Im sure people would run themselves to the ground and not be mindful of their health
I just meant about the project. If I get WL cool if not cool.
Yeah some how they got tired ahahah
Nice! I am looking forward to go back to Gurney Drive and try out all the good food once the border reopens! Ahhh all that Chao Kwey Tiao and Chendol! Yumzzz
Hahaha nah but some people were on for ages and they actually deserve a rest
Ayyeee whats uppp west coast reppin fam
cryptodanny which city yall from
Cave 1 is WAGMI  cave 2 is pure community 861687609490276382
faqs brotha this is where I get my info abt minting
cave 2 seems much more relieving
Exactly bro I couldnt agree with you more
Cave 1 VS Cave 2. Who will win?
Yeah some time you got keep your health y right in order to do the rest
hahaha i live very near gurney area . food heaven here
oh i see what you mean ill look more into when i get the time still have some projects that i need to get out of the way for my resume
YES bro. Not as full on as cave 2. Still busy and crazy. Love how the community stays so active and interactive
Ive bounced back and forth between the two haha
Damn i see alotta bearX fam in this biihh
I dont know why but I feel much more easier to engage with others in cave 2 haha
oh thats pretty high what games did u used to play b4 val? yeah apex ngl its alot of practing and then u can have fun learn to tap strafe best mechanic they have and work on your aim it can always use improvement
right haha every time i look at chat one i just feel so hesitant typing because i cant keep up 
Sounds fun! Hope you have a great night and all goes well   currently this one and Hape Beast those look cool as well. Other than those just some small ones that pop up everyday
i lived very near gurney side . indeed a food heaven in penang. are you singaporean?
Well when your ona mision sometimes that happen it had happen to me  before
Cave 1 is rough business. eyes dont move that fast 
Thats right bro. Need a healthy and rested mind to focus! Its needed in this NFT  world too. So much happening! Especially as its all electronically based too your eyes get sore after a while
yh every cave is amazing in this community
U are here to ask u know the answer 861687609490276382
oh my gosh man how did i find this so late i am usually so early lol this is so asesome man. i hope i can buy secondary like it isnt priced out of reach
you blink and you dont know where your chat is in cave 1 7529KEKW
cave 1 is just very congested thats why i prefer cave 2
appreciate it brother 4890RicardoSmile
LOL naah i always played on a crappy handmedowns equipment and i recently built my pc for val in 2020 but i solely played minecraft. yeah tbh i just aim train for my games but isnt it a bit late for learning tap strafe? i thought they were removing it soon
Im hoping we build a strong foundation for this community with diamond hands and healthy vibes
Yeah same here ! Hahaha you tend to spend your whole day here and get side tracked
community is already strong! only up from here
yeah thats so true i feel like i need new prescription ahahhahha
i just want to see green so bad
lmao. bro too much love on discord. she needs some too. haha. great to see you back on fam but forreal get some rest too.. I was out today for the most part.
Yeah sometime you focus to much and for get things
most of my chats today are from cave 2 probably dance3
Cave 1 is for meth and crackheads. Cave 2 is chill like coke. Yall already know the winner
Youre early bro! The community is only going to keep growing! And there is still plenty of WL spots to get!
Do you think we can hit 200k pre launch?
am i? aw snap thats awesome thanks!
it would be nice to win like that huhuhuhu
wrong message i was trying to reply you initinially . well are you from NZ?
Could make the WL bro. Dont give up
im going crazy dude. we all deserve it
they were supposed to but i doubt it i really do its really easy to learn and helps alot
oh yeah no doubt chill cave is fire af and so are the topic specific channels but i just like conversating with new people and the homies in here catrollypolly
Cosmic Wyvern  Dat Legend  h nh im back
Wow I went to sleep last night just outside 200 now Im outside 300 haha
haku you already know!! Iz better in he bayyy
Members is at 7866  2633000 WL spots taken. Baby days here
Yeah but when theres a good community it makes it so much easier
Nah  under 10k we growing natural brotha
sheesh how many hrs do you have on apex?
About to have lunch what you having?
if its truly organic growth and no bots this is pretty amazing
Yes very minimal spam too. I love that its all about quality and the moderators make sure of it. Each and every person who has a WL spot is so deserving of it
I built my first PC for Fortnite back in the season 1 days
suggestions  we should all be commenting on nft youtubers about covering this project. 200k pre launch
havent seen such a active com in a while
Ah nice bro! I just had some ham and bread hahah kenTaco where u located bro I stay in Malaysia.
Good night to everyone have a wonderful night
i dont really know not trying to brag but im just good at every game i touch
what upgrades have you made since?
Goodnight! hope you have an amazing one thanks for takin gpart in this community
first and only PC  still rocking a 1070 TI lollll i dont really do anything that required anything more
Cant wait for us to link up wherever when all this goes crazy and imma spike the party punch with some goodies and start the partayyyy
Gn have a sweet dream brotha might going out to buy some food now
beastcrypto99HAPE for sure i would be here early in the morning
i feel u been rockng my 1070 since it launched never needed anything more
pfft i guess its in your blood must be nice LMAO i wish i was like that
Actually Anank Johor now based in SG 
Did hyxder and faudi run off to make babies?
Im planning on building a pc to last too what cpu did you go with your build?
Yes brother you dont want to miss this opportunity
Ahh make sense haha have mates there as well studying
thats nice bro! enjoy yourself. what food you going to buy?
any1 seen the new movie DUNE? its kinda of a slow burner and mimics a bit of star wars
im digging the pixel art. how does one get involved in this awesome project.
Wow we have similar background bro. Amazing
Definitely not i would be here night
Apex i was also gonna ask what cpu u used as well
Thats what im talkin bout! You me and rkm boutta have a good time
i used to stream tbh but i havent streamed in a while idk y
i think im rocking an i78700k atm
Yooo whats up everyone how we doing
Awesome! Nice to meet a fellow anank johor here!
Yo bro we just enjoying the vibe here!
This is likely the chat speed post launch guys
Everyone please spread the news and invite your friends and familieand suggestions comment on nft youtubers to cover this
i feel that i did the same thing i dont even dislike streaming but i never wanna start streaming
man my first build had a 4790k just recently upgraded to a 11700k since it was on sale i wanted to go with amd one but it was out of stock earlier this year
Thanks fam!! I picked up a gold mom the other day for a good price. How many dads do you have?
i see i see tbh i feel like its fun streaming off stream but i guess i never got used to it
streaming is fun especially when toxic ppl join ur chat
Good to see cave 2 poppin even with no exp on 
Simple straightforward roadmap has me hyped!!! Lets go!!
Hahaha we about to have a litty time
Loved Kaijus but they are too expensive RN so im really happy to get these wyverns
love the first one haha always a good time
Fingers did not get the message
yea if u put ur twitch in ur name or something youll always have a bunch of toxic kids come in ur chat lmao
Haha thanks bro! Nice kid see ghost pfp too bro
built mine like way back  had some plans of upgrading but i dont really do anything that requires the extra manpower tbh
Just 2 Jealous AF tho lol Did dad rarity have anything to do with the mom you got?
yes these will be big like the kaijus though these are sick yo!
what do you usually use ur pc for nowadays?
Any cw caves will be great caves
its dope fun and getting engaed with ur chat
cave 1 got nothing on cave 2 ez
AYYEE now were talkin. Nothin like that peak when u all in yo feelings. Dont forget a gum for all that grindin LOOL
Yeah lets hope so. Hopefully no rain. 
Hapebeast looks nice but man its crazy in there. Seems whitelist will be a lot harder to get in.
i went crazy in amsterdam hahaha u can get it legally there its crazy
Just regular browsing  here and there with video games not too heavy on video games. I did used to edit photosvideos but havent been too into photography for a bit.
yeah facts sometimes i have really bad mental with my games and i tilt sometimes LMAO i just dont wanna show it
my friend dont get me started on what happens in amsterdam
Congrats getting WL again bro. How did yiu feel when u got WL?
im thinking bout going to amsterdam next year whould u say its worth the money on the distric and cafes if u know what i mean ez
RIGHTT!! Same! You can legally carry 5 pills on you there. Any more than that you can get packed. Thats where we bought our drugs when we went to tomorrowland
cave 2 seems much better than cave 1 haha
Not bad fam. May play a factor when getting tots later on.
Is the slow mode different here?
hahaa i agree i like cave 2 a lot moree better convos for sure in here
what happens in amsterdam stays in amsterdam
Spain theres no better place to exploe than amsterdma i can only recommend and the red district goes crazy hahahahah
yeah but its a free follow and viewer
what happens in amsterdam is forgotten in amsterdam literally
i have always wanted to go to amsterdam
What do you mean buddy? Slow mode means 1min cd before next chat
yeah i think so too the leaders are strong. I bought CryptoZombiez to be able to hold fractional kaijus. It will be even greater if i can hold of of these wyverns though
Hahahah Coke  seems like we need to go Amsterdam
they dont even do weed there anymore that stuff is boring to them that shows the night life is very fun there
ay thats good make ppl watch u haha
thats all i need to know kek  looks like me and my boys going to amsterdam
he wont be the only coke in amsterdam
Just gonna try and get one off mint devoted more time to this project 
thoughty2 Dude honestly I didnt even know what happened. I was so surprised and thank you! httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902811796732260362903499571139842048  when I got WL
Ive alrdy been! One of my stops before i went to belgium for tomorrowland! The SHROOMS therr go fkin harrrddd they be trippin yo balls out.
My man good to see you in the chat fam. No exp got nothing on us. hahaha. the vibe here is just too great. How are you doing todaytonight?
yea facts when i use to stream i use to tilt on stream all the time and thats how i got most of my exposure ngl
nice do you think it matters if I go for intel or amd for my processor?
i recommend renting an airbnb with the boys and go crazy for a week thats what i did and it was the best time i ever had
Nice thats cool do you like living there
i say go with amd more bang for your buck plus extra cores
Bro amazing. Feeling the excitement for u still
What was your rank at that time do you remember?
Yes my plan as well. Not trying to deal with the server atm. Gotta save up some eth for next month. haha
Omg HAHAHA thats so cool  deffs on the list! 
Phil  Wyvern  lmao hahaha yeah not the only Coke there
i heard airbnb facing a financial problem ? dont know legit or not
Really thats the question you gonna ask a guy named Coke. Lmao
forsure what case would you recommend me? I was thinking of lian li or maybe nzxt? idk anything ab building pcs and have been looking around online
Coke idk man u could really like cola
honestly bro i am not a big pc guy i could not answer that   building my entire pc was a trek and a half  basically consulted like my entire friend group 
Hey Im doing alright got soaked in the rain today tho. Hbu?
sounds like a plan my boys were planning to go somewhere in europe next year anyways and amsterdam checks ever box on our list
Ngl its actually the best ! Wouldnt want to be anywhere else !
thoughty2 Somewhere around low 70s I believe! Was just chillin having a good time and got blessed.
Peter T. hahaha I feel that! Trying to stay as liquid as possible while investing in good projects
I mean peep my pfp fam theres yo hint hahahahahha
rkm you def needa go!! Buy yo drugs there if u visting tomorrowland hahahaha the popo be in the festival snoopin sellin
oh shit idk how i missed that  LOOOL
any difference cave  and cave 2?
Thats my approach too. Help build this community and invite more people and spread the news
caleb sheesh good luck with your build! i love the lian li cases so clean. just make sure u do ur own research and see if u could find anything better for the same price
be careful at night tho crazy shit goes down there!
Cola and coke  HAHA sounds like a good combo !
Oo tough. Where from? Doing good fam. Just watching one of my favorite card breaker on yt and chilling in here. Up to anything fam?
LOOL understandable cause chat goin hard
IYKYK Clean the grind is worth it 
What time zone are u at right now
i bet there will be pick pockets that target tourists and people high but my boys be out here   from nyc aint no one ready to test us
Phil  Wyvern sounds like itll fizz 
Does this make discord your full time job? Those hours! 
i wonder how are difficult it is to draw dragons
Ngl when u hit that bump and ya whole throat be numbin an ice cold cola would be fkin bomb
Whats the difference with cave 1 and 2
nothin wrong w some fizzy coke 
Just want to give a little input if you dont mind. Can we have thecave3 maybe? The growth is unbelieveable and sometimes its kinda hard to have a conversation with the famas its moving so fast especially during exp hour. I believe this will help in community communication and built better relationship among us.
facts cave 2 is better its less busy and chat does not go extremely fast at the speed of light
Yeah gotta pick and choose the good projects. Cant ape in projects that arent going anywhere.
nvm if ur from nyc ur prepared hahahah
Cave 2 is just better but I hop around and talk to everyone I can!
thoughty2 Thank you! Really appreciate that  Spend time here get to know people help others out and stay active and sure enough you effort will get noticed! And Im EST.
Peter T. Have a few to chose from though some are better than others for sure!
VX dragon must be very nice to use in meta lol
im getting lunch soon but i have no clue what to get either
Cave three is so needed. Its gunna get a lot of hype being so fresh to begin with
dat legend hahahaha what a name
Whats the diff between all these chats? kekw
Stay tuned for all the tabs haha
Not sure but giveaways happen every few hours
Sharing what I shared in the main chat I just want to take a moment to comment on how brilliant this team is. Now I have been involved in a few projects over the last couple of months and this is the first time I am commenting so hard and engaging so many people in the hopes that I can get into the the whitelist. I am not sure if this is what the team is intending to do but trust me when and if I get my whitelist and mint this amazing piece of art no way I am selling this easily. I have invested hours and hours and hours into this community. I am definitely going to stay not so say I am a paperhand havent sold a single nft that I owned so far and like for real there is this attachment to the team here now! I see so many familiar names I know which part of the world they come from what food they like to eat what they do outside in real life. This is crazy stuff man really!
sushi ramen? or subway if you have that around you i could give you my order!
Infintrus love u sexy sleep well
Hey all! hope youre having a great night!
funny name man made me smile made me giggle
Is it bad of me if i say im too high to read this
Bro im real happy to see you here and every few hours. U bring good energy and good vibes. Hope one day we can interact with oneanother using our cwxxxx haha 
you know the vibes lakers all the way
Impressive man. I started working for myself too. Could never not be my own boss anymore
Guys just a heads up we are approaching 8k members LFGGGGG!!!!  
Crazy how youre still rank 1 big W
IYKYK Clean haha ily too homie have a good night 
sushi doesnt sound pretty good actually
i kept tellin mfs i aint letting it go
yeah I had 3 projects to mint the last couple of days but still undecided.
the real ones are the ones grinding while xp is off dawg
really D its one of my favorite foods haha what did you eat yesterday?
hows cave 2 ? everything cool ?
Hahaha its always fun to have great conversations with fellow wyverns. Dont see it as a grind
LMAOO fr hella people leveling up quick tho!
i see you put that teaser in your pfp shit is absolutely fire literally so i dont blame you
This one actually seems the most chill and not just spammy
if u check lb youll understand why it is impossible to catch up
Bruh its like we have a cult here in cave 2 and not vibin with cave 1 LOOL
Cave two will always been my favourite most chill cave thus far
Fam youre rank 1? props to you bro. keep at it.
for me that cave is the best cave
wow theres now a cave 3! i feel like i have to be loyal to cave 2
Heyy fellow ac milan fan how are ya
CharlesVFs yeah I popped into chillcave for a second but its a bit too chill for me LOL
I was talking to them but im to energised to feel chill haha maybe before i head to sleep
i just recently joined and the vibe is great so
This chat is definitely the best lol
hey guys im back forgot about you guys sorry lol
Yea bro same here the vibes here feel awesome 
korean food goes hard have u thought of anything to eat yet
have bitcoin billionaire which sold out awakened and nifty right now. wished mint price wasnt too high.
yeahhhh so fire bro. You korean? Korean food is the best food
How about korean bbq and chemak
man i love some korean food here in nyc we got a korean street next to the empire state building ate some super spicy curry that got me high on the spice alone man was that hot but yeah i also go to korean bbq when its my birthday
Yeah I agree with you to CSL tasty
i prefer buddae jiggae and sundobu jiggae but kbbq is pretty fire too
Lol wow these bots need to get removed thats ridiculous
im studing while grinding hahaha
what good films are on netflix?
Oh shoot guys i didnt know theres a thecave3 now Kek
hahahaha another one caught! they rlly think they are ahead of the game
naisu good idea for birthday bro
Yea bro love it! And I dont appreciate spams here. Its the genuine interactions that count 
YES YES!!!! They listened my suggestion
Peter T. honestly havent heard of any of them lol but definitely be careful in what you mint and buy right now. Market for NFTs is bleeding having that extra eth for a good project is worth!
Nice work bro. Need to clear out those bots. This community is too good to have it dragged down!!
is RL the name of a resturant there? been to almost every one on the block with my girl
Sweet  Sour ? do u like korean film ?
i just joined and im already seeing bots and scripts lol orangetay
Hyxder u ser deserve more mints
No bots allowed lol get em out of here
He got warning for now should be good
good luck homies on giveaway hope yall have a good luck
i wonder if its hard to draw dragons
haha nah i meant rolling loud in new york p it was offtopic but i just wanted to know since you mentioned ny
Couldnt stay out of this let me be the choosen one
nah i couldnt its midterms week for me in college wanted to go tho since i knew someone selling tickets
cave 2 definitely the best cave lol
Whats the requirements to partipate in giveaways guys?
chill cave pretty nice check it out
watch the trailer its hilarious
go to giveaways channel guys! giveaway happening now. good luck all!
nah bruh i fr just fking love this team  community they been so generous and taking everyones thoughts into consideration many even being implemented full bull on this project
Which cave is the best cave lmao
will this be your lucky day ??????
the concept art for drawing a dragon is complicated as hell
Chat is poppin so much theres cave 3?
heloo guys! check the giveaways !
May the luck be in your favour 
go to giveaways channel guys! giveaway happening now. Buenos suerte!
all i see is facts cant wait to diamond hand these
Go to giveaways  everyone try your luck
yea cave 2 the chillest environment so far for sure
jug sick pfp bro goated game and goated song and artist 
Definitely not unfortunately lol
Good luck to everyone whos participating in the raffle! I have never won one before so not pinning my hopes too high 
Good look to any1 who wins for the giveaway! 4890RicardoSmile 
Hey everyone join the giveaway 
damn did you see the carti and uzi video? literally happiness came to me while i was watching it LMFAO
hope you boys enjoying this nice eveingn
Everyone go enter for a chance at whitelist! giveaways
I wish i knew how to draw with all these drawing giveawats
Getting in the giveaways  to get a wl spot dont miss it
yeah lets hope we make it haha!
Lookin out for the cave 2 fam. Check giveaways yall
Oh trust me my luck is so bad I know I didnt win already lol pain
great man! glad i found you guys on twitter!
Hey can we turn off the limit during no xp so we can actually talk
nah i havent ill check it out now
Idk man cave 2 stays lit though!
Whats the requirements for giveaway?
is there a difference between the caves?
giveaway on now guys! make sure you all join
King is amongst us peasants! bow bow. Juves hang out
Just different places for yall to chat
Do i need to type in all chats for chance to get wl? 
Any idea how many messages you have to send to be eligible if you get it??
Giveaway! Get in there everyone!
i would love that inspired charizrd
Stalk him like thay ex psycho girlfriend huh
Cave 2 starting to move pretty fast  
teOo9000 no I dont think so just chill and have a good time I suppose
yes there is a difference cave 2 is superior
with that negativity looming all over you its hard to win something bro. cheer up. have 0 expectations but also know that you might win.
I think if you on lvl 2 you good
Lucky im back on time for giveaway
Goodluck on that giveaways sending luck to everyones way PESHeart
community is insane here they keep up with 3 different chats and being friendly to everybody i am glad i joined! p
lol hyxder at lvl 23. if he keeps up no one aint catching him. haha
Yeah market is def bleeding atm i rather keep my eth for some quality projects. and with all the hacking lately its getting out of hands.
Good luck though yall imma shower real quick
The vibe is different in this cave 
Good luck to all those in the giveaway!
I mean I just know I have no chance
ayyy jackie chan is back lmaoooo
dang tons of people in giveaway for a flash giveaway
hey everyone has the same exact chance!
forreal we got exp off and its still lit love to see it
For those who just joined check out giveaways please
omg rank 1 youre some sort of legend
I agree I been chilling with my purchases and buying blue chips with the big dips happening
Its marvellous. How people still get so keen despite no xp
matching name with matching gif
Jackie is always here!! Im a Wyvern Rider baby!!!
Whats the requirements for giveaway?
well they basically said xp dont matter hahaha
just react on the confetti emoji
thank you for your blessing! now spit some fire at me   i want the burnnn
be at least a little bit active need to show that youre not an alt pretty much
the community is pumping up fast! p
Welcome to all newcomers!!!! Here are some suggestions for where you should start on this channel Dont forget to check Pinned Messages as there is some important info. in there as well as announcements for latest news! I would also check out roadmap to get a better idea on what is to come! If you havent already dont forget to join the latest giveaways by reacting to the post! GL to all if you want further info. on WL you can check it out here whitelistinfo  ly hyxder
Thats the power of this community! Real conversation  xp!
only 266 whitelisted? wonder when the mint is
Good luck to all those in the giveaway. Those that get it will be so deserving
It helps u get rank to below 200
I see diamond hands in the making 
Good job and great execution devs
6 minutes left to enter giveaways
Mine wyvern lives in a cave near the woods
same im bout to make a sandwhich
soon with how mcuh activity there is haha
whats the point of so many caves?
im hoping i have some what of a chance with this giveaway ahha
lfg how long have you been in here bro?
there are low tbh but lts hope for the best
have minimum 10 chats bro  not spam either
bro we been for the past few days hahha
Regardless of this isnt the giveaway for you be patient kings
Good plan fam save the eth until you see a good project or buy the dip on the blue chip projects. How you doing fam?
u keep talking like that to me and we gon have to move to dms
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left
 The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early!  
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a good chance Giveaway live now
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
Thats the way ! Gotta stay patient
Any nft news today guys? Have you guys watch the zucker metaverse video?
For those who are interested in whitelist providing art being active and having top 200 rank in this discord are the things that will get u whitelisted
Been alright its college app season so Im trying to balance it all out with my classes and everything else I have going on. Wbu?
Theres like 1 chance for winning the giveaway WE GNNA MAKE IT FAN
what are these different caves for
BELIEVE andw e can make it ! LFG
me too ! For everyone else please checkout the giveaway channel to have a go at the giveaway !!
pretty good how about you homie
Love your mind set bro. All it takes is the small 1. It adds up and everything is still a chnace. Got to be in it to win it!
Winners to be anncounced whoever wins dont forget about us little guysgals too
yeah i was dying when i found that one lmao
Lfg ! We in here for the long run
For all the new people joining be sure to check out announcements  giveaways  whitelistinfo to learn about the project and how to get WL!
Fine too excited for the giveaway !!!
Stay tuned. Happens every few hours
Hello! New to the channel. How you guys?? Wyvern King
cave 2 so much more chill than cave 1  getting a headache trying to keep up with cave 1
Im excited to be is the discord with great people
why do we have so many chat channels?
for sure the community is so dope im excited to see it grow
Yessirr at least theres a chance LMAO
nice! whered you find out about this group?
To attempt to deal with the influx of messages. This community different youll see
For those who are interested in whitelist providing art being active and having top 200 rank in this discord are the things that will get u whitelisted
Great man! You been in the channel long?
This is how we build community lets go
man if only i knew how to draw a dragon will try my best rn
i joined today! but the grind has been real
we are early man beacause live at cave lol
it has always been like this LOL
me too ser. im the ohm king you will be slain.
Projects that do WL like thos are gonna make it. When holders already have a bond with the community they have a more inclination to HODL than paper hand it
Hahaha nicely done man. WL spots getting harder and harder to come by these days!
So so early man. Thousands of WL spots still available. Its good to see!
we like a whole food up in here
There will be a ton more opportunities!! Keep your heads up and SUPER congrats to the winners!!
praying for one aswell haha but the community is great so the grind is worth it!
agreed the bond create the people we are meeting is incredible networking
Bro thats so cool right.. Imagine you come to your friend house as wyvern 
Congrats swaggyp1307 . Well deserved bro
You are still early! Keep going bro!
Yessir. And when the projects moon we can all link up since we alrdy good friends with each other ya feel
DAMMMMM! time to head to rage chat see you guys later
Lvl 6 I think bro. Been here almost a day
Haha I actually see a lot of familiar people in here
even if i dont get in ill still be active i like what they are doing here has alot of potential
congrats to who won! may the odds be ever in your favor next time!
Oh nice! yea get those college apps in fam.. good luck in school my man. Just watching my fav card breaker on yt and chilling in here.
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left
 The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early!  
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a good chance Giveaway live now
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
elrond xohu haha you Guys in here too  
! jujubits  HAPE from Furballs and Kaiju 
Phil  Wyvern haha love the username 
Welcome to all newcomers!!!! Here are some suggestions for where you should start on this channel Dont forget to check Pinned Messages as there is some important info. in there as well as announcements for latest news! I would also check out roadmap to get a better idea on what is to come! If you havent already dont forget to join the latest giveaways by reacting to the post! GL to all if you want further info. on WL you can check it out here whitelistinfo 
WOW!! our master literally looks out for yall. My goodness make sure youre active or your spot is going to the next wyvern
Congrats tonthe 2 winners. The chosen ones
congrats to winners  next time will be my turn haha kek
congrats to swaggyp1307 and Alyssa Ng
ohh you into cards too bro? What kind of cards do you collect??
Congrats swaggyp1307 and Alyssa Ng !!
cant believer theres actually people who come in and dont say anything. congrats to the winners though!
A little lol im a believer in the staking right now haha Ill leave it at that
Woorrrd it really do be like dat
Everyone including me better luck next time
Congrats guys the luck was with you nigh
winners please give me a touch so i will be lucky guy next time  kek
congrats winners ima be there one day 
i just joined here. loving the vibe already
Nice bro! havent heard much about furballs. are they doing good still?
winners how does it feel to be living my dream
congrats to the winners! hoping on the next one
Broo you will living your own dream soon
congrats winner  n welcoem to cave 2 for new ppl 
this seems to be one of the next blue chips in the nft world
Ill give u a touch of motivation and hope 3
on god ill be getting this WL theres no shot i dont
 sure itll be one of the best projects!
Damn! thanks for replying bro what projects you involved in?
what do u guys do on halloween ?
i already have that 2 give me some luck brotha 
Im fairly confident it will be. Alot of diamond hands here i predict
Yeahh keep being active bro.. You will get there soon
congrats to those that actually deserve it!!
As difficult as its going to be I gotta peel my eyes away from this chat to get some sleep for work tomorrow. Stay healthy gang this the newest bluechip and WE ALL ARE EARLY. Be proud
good luck ser. hope we all make it
what other projects youre into tho? I ahvent even touched blue chips yet! no budget and only mints I can do!
how many whitelist spots are left? is the wl number on the left side 2683000 the amount thats remaining?
Yes i am. Im into sports card NBA NFL and MLB and pokemon cards. Are you?
Nope thats the current count fam
Yup!! me too man. What are some of your best cards?
who do you collect from NBA? favourite player
bubble bud  furball KOIN game ... too many to list haha
apparently were all still pretty early
Yeah under the server stats it shows the amount of WL left
yeah as in theres another like 2500 spots left?
the ones that deserve it will be blessed!
havent even heard about bubble and KOIN! haha! is it on eth?
hey ur still in here grinding i think someeone deserves wl
is it because u and i are both here? 
Wassup guys how is everything ?
ngl tho these wyverns look freaken sick!
ye i only interested in eth projects bro DYOR and you will see how those project going . hope u gonna have a good decision
Hahah ! Yes sirr Im still here   we staying here tonight 
oh yeah... I do most of my days! haha! i havent even bought a single premium for nft calls. are you in one?
 for sureee ! There is the place to be  
Me too. Aint got no money  mint only. Focus on good project like this 
cave 2 can just be both of us if u want
ooohh we have ourselves a neko in the house! cant wait for those vx airdrop for metaverse!
You to ! Ahhaha I see youre back on  deffs staying on together !
did you get to mint or buy secondary?
Man I havent had much luck on ripping though. More on collecting sealed products. But some worth noting are my 1st edition Charizard and a few PSA slab of tom brady. i did pull the shining magikarp from the new pokemon 25th set. so nice!! How about you fam?
i have some lowkey alpha with those nft i purchased so as long as u still hold those nft u still have access to secrec channel. it working good for me atm
Bussin out the brim jumping out the gym
Oh wow cave 3 already! Look at this growth man
indeed! one good hit will set your life free in the nft world! haha!
Like to share the NFT timeline I find useful to understand the history and trend.
Emojis on this server are fire  weyes
in which projects? kaijus only?
1st edition zard?? youre rich  
My best pokemon pulls would probably be a shiny zard V from champions path somehow came back as a psa gem mint 10. Also decided to open celebrations and got the charizard from that yesterday. 
Sports I have a bunch of modern stuff. Few lamelos silver anthony edwards etc. LOT of justin herbert parallels as well. One of these days I want to pick up some hobby and test my luck though.
dangggg rerolled twice for giftaway
im a kings fan so pc deaaron fox and my 49ers. man idk whats my best card. haha. 
ser i am the king of this cave.
lucky to those who got the chance but dont have engagement
u dont get any  xp for chatting anymore 
yeah im actually pretty happy to see that they check legitimacy
dont put your head down bro the mods didnt see your xp they see your engagement and how you enjoy the community
Yea I minted that day of release
Hows everyone Saturday  Friday night going ?
only sad because it wud be obvious that alot of people hopped off to chat and engage with the community now haha
RuttyMcNutty  BearX legooooo  ! Hows your night going ! Anything planned for dinner
im getting a late night snack from some carribean place gonna be good
congrats on getting in on raffle! i tried but didnt get in. you like the roadmap and project?
my ass is already on fire. i ate curry earlier. 
everyone that love the community would be here think in you bro love you
alright everyone gotta go now have a goodnight yall
Yea I liked it a lot really looking forward to the bot companion
Yeah ! Gives it a fair chance for people on here ! So good 
 RuttyMcNutty  BearX  yum !! I still havent planned what Im having for dinner yet
sheeesh i guess i get to spend a whole 24 hrs with just u today 
nices bears deluxe  I sold 3 of mine for under .1 
curry is a blessing compared to what im bout to do to that booty
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 also try your luck in fanart and memes at a chance for a WL spot!
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
Yea cave 2 my all time favourite !!!
Oh youre only staying for 24 hours ahaha
Daamn you missed out on a lot of stuff! This project hit 4eth at once
i think its enough to get u hooked on unless u want me to stay longer?
oh yes i was on topshot way before I got on the other NFTs. I still buy the packs. Have a lot that arent even open yet too. Hoping i can sell them later on which i think theyre working on implementing soon.
elias yeah held onto it ever since it came out. Waiting on the psa to open back again so I can get it graded. Sweet I need to get the new charizard. also need to pick up the ultra premium set too. Sweet modern sports card i have mostly modern too. Hobby is so expensive nowadays so i try to get into breaks instead. you should try it sometimes.
No problem! Happy to help here.
How is everyone doing guys? Feeling great ? Make sure to get enough rest and always stay hydrated boyzzz
So people can have time to take a break and spend time with fam and make sure people get a break mentally from grinding levels and stuff
bro im waiting for cave 4 to open up...  so i can bring my girl into there 
HAHAHAH damn cant help it  I got fans
yeah oh well. More opportunities in the future haha
Peter T. yeah I just ripped the ultra premium collection actually haha. Had to get my hands on the 2 gold cards theyre actually super sick in hand. And thats crazy man I hope your zard comes back as a 10. Would be an insane come up.
Ooo nice one haha have a great day everyone 
Yall need secret cave or some shit
rkm i thought u said u got onlyfans lmao i read that wrong
Thats the best way to look at it honestly. Were so early still
love the heat! im a big dwade fan so most of my cards are all dwade. fox is nice for sure
nah cave 4s private for just rkm and i baby
Yeah everyone is super enthusiastic here! Which is great because we are build a community here!
exactly man I keep telling everyone that. I just put my dad onto crypto and a little bit of nfts. Cant wait to see what the scene is like in a year
I had eggs with avo and toast ! Was a beauty !!
looking like its going to  be a solid bluechip. must not be slept on.
man this is the coolest project out
alright well i chatted here none stop since xp went down time to get some sleep. gn people.
Great as usual! Grinding on my business now
What about yourself ? Anything  yum
i had a bacon egg and cheese croissant from a deli spot was slappin
yeah been waiting for my breakfast shes just abit far tho
Can I please DM one of the mods I have something to ask in private in possible. I promise there is no fishy links or shady shit. Flem
Thank you bro! You are green too! Congratulations!!!
I cant contain my excitement really
nah bro sleep is for the smart! You need to rest and look after your healthy
timmGo read up on the chats you lost this one buddy
Make sure you guys check announcements ! Chance at a WL spot
awesome fam!! I need to grab two of those. hold one and rip one. the gold metal cards are freaken sick!! My zard is not gonna get a 10 forsure. maybe a 67 the most. I was handling it when i was a kid. lol. gonna hold onto it forever.
DNGYN sweet!! dwade cards will go up soon. Future HOF gonna make his cards shoot up. so make sure to stock up right now. yeah i need to grab more fox card too.
nah i wont waste my time reading some soft boy love talk
Yoo that actually sounds so yum !!
Yes you have done it!!! Congrats!
Yes! Be friendly within the community
ah i see. Even then it would be insane to even hold a base set zard in my hands at all. Hope it comes back with the best grade it could get man. Cheers
Argh. UPC is the one thing from celebrations I couldnt get my hands on. Think theyll reprint?
Probably but even if you cant get your hands on them for retail still worth paying secondary imo! Or at the very minimum just buying the gold cards directly from secondary. Such nice pieces imo. A must have
these wyverns remind me of dragonites
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 also try your luck in fanart and memes at a chance for a WL spot!
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
Aiight i respect the info! Good work homie!
Hi future millionaires im a future billionaire
Good luck to you on your journey
Yep. Probably gonna have to bite the bullet with those ones. Pokemon got too much coming out. Hurting the wallet.... Did you see the new character rare cards coming out in the upcoming set?
Oh the timer is 30 seconds now? Makes it a lot easier to hold a conversation
This cave is definitely the most chill one thats not heavily spammed lol
Haha awesome!!! Glad to see it image0
yeah I cant wait. Havent been into pokemon for some time but celebrations got me back into the groove of things lol. Anything in particular you got in your collection that stands out?
Damn bro thats sick! Good setup
I feel like that might be a little too spammy for me lol
changed chat timer to 30 sec guys enjoy talking w eachother image0
This is my love not a wyvern but also fierce
So how is everybody in the Cave2 doing tonight?  Ryu Heyo 30 seconds now we can chat a bit better thanks! Just came over from Cave 3 wasnt getting much chat over there lol. How are you doing tonight?
Everything moving so fast  having fun tho people are so chill
i wonder what the baby wyverns gonna look like
Thanks I appreciate it makes it so much easier to hold a conversation
I just recently got back into it as well. I have a PSA 8 Pikachu red cheeks that I love. Pokemon has definitely gotten into a groove with the Alt arts
I dont get why people are even concerned with XP as long as we can still chat doesnt matter
if the community grows more we are going to need another cave
we dont need xp in here we love the community!
hey all kindly please go vote for my fanart
oh thats so cool dude. I wish I could send more stuff to PSA but they just take so long. Hearing like 1 year turn around at this point. Got so much stuff I would love to get graded though. How long you been into cards?
Beautiful spots. I love herimage0
Honestly kinda nice not to worry about the xp 
Yenno what i might change my name with 2 rs now. I thank you
Yep its not impossible to have a convo anymore
hope everyone having amazing day!
oh yeah. still absolutely rare. im trying to complete a reg base set of the starting three. have blastoise and need the other two. And thank you fam.
Thanks man its almost 1 am here but hope you are having a good day aswell
hope everyone has a good daynight!
Damn deep pockets LOL. Good luck dude
hes beautfitul bro take care of him
Haha im messin around. Everythings good tho we are early in here. Enjoy the ride my friend
Thank you haha hes not as fierce as he looks. Very gentle actually
Love the whip! What car is that
i thought you were the admin for a min. lol. love the animated pfp fam!!
oo you should get some sleep soon! great to have you around here tho
Im enjoying everything and everyone im interacting with
not financial advice but vote for my fanart!
Yeah I mean I dont mind being in here chatting so getting whitelist is just the icing on the cake
randomcbosh 2017 Subaru Wrx RuttyMcNutty  BearX Ty
Seriously PSA is king. But dang Im still waiting on cards from January. Had XMen and baseball cards from the 90s as a kid. And got back into baseball cards in 2014....which led to soccer cards I try to stay out of basketball and football but did pick up a Kobe rookie last year. Wbu? Grail card?
This project is next level for sure
Ok ok was that your dream ar or what
haha no. its actually down atm. so best to buy it now. if i had deep pockets i would buy a BAYC. hahaha
Gm King... Hows your day going so far
It was but next ima get a m3 or amg
100 the solid team will lead the way.
Nice. Cats sometimes have a rep for being temperamental. Glad shes a sweetheart
Wooo 30 seconds lezgetit get the convos going baby no sleep hit the coke 1 gram
yea cant wait for more info to come out in the coming weeks
did you do it yourself? resembling the zard. love it!!
same.. a nice relaxeing saturday ahead ... catchup with family.. long pending since NFT run started.. Lol
Damn you got money like that eh?  
Hey V1.. How you doing.. Glad u are green now  Much deserved
Oh boy. I get ya! I have a clingy Chihuahua mix. Its a little pathetic tbh
Aiiight i respect it i hope you get all the cars you desire 
I might need the right passenger to flex it with
Hahah thats super cute I love it. When they run over for pats when you get home 
This is a first timer where Devs have allowed members to relax fingers and go get some rr time with family! What a great move! Well done 
going great appreciate it  how are you 
My favorite WRX ever had the license plate Tee WRX
Been off a bit... but back well..  Will chill out with the fam in here as well as RL ..
. She runs over jumps on couch and barks for pets. Yappy dog! At least cats ask nicely 
Kinda lost when I saw that announcements tq ShihTzu
sweet ape pfp you have there fam!!
Need whitelist asap hopefully I win a giveaway. The art is sooo clean
pretty good! very tired rn tho bout to sleep wbu
A buddy of my took some rollers he has his own photography business
So used to having to lvl up for wl..a refreshing change indeed 
Everyone got a wrx in here or something?
Hyped for this drop though guys. Community seems chill and love the art 
How long does it take for the grind to wl do you reckon
I can actually spend time with family not having to worry abt my ranking lol
what is the promisedland of green like
Hahaha thats true. But the affection from doggos are next level !
empty without everybody else i need more of you here thousands of spots to go round
Past tense. Now we rolling with X3 M40i 
Im on it. Since the beginning. But Im not grinding Im vibing Lets goo
dude that is a LOT of shoes!! you a reseller right?
v1 hopefully i get to join the promised land
Just hearing about this project!
Yeah  was a reseller its dyeing out
whered you hear about this project?
hopefully well meet you there someday PESHeart sending lucks to everyones way !
I heard it in Big Brain Collective a friends alpha group
Gonna manifest that green color. We got this. Keep vibing and lets make this community stronger
They are very loyal creatures. They give their love unconditionally and we dont deserve them 
Im with you my friend. It will happen
An alpha group talking about this project is great to hear.
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros 
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert  
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
I hate what shoes hype beasts wear. I only bought ultra boosts this year cause hypebeasts stopped craving them haha. I loved dunks like 7 years ago and now I hate them cause hypebeasts took over
1s are very overplayed but I love them so much
Hello guys im from cave 1 lol chat their is crazy fast
1s definitely are sick fcuk with 4s a lot more tho
Will be so happy to see you in green my man
his message just took half of my discord screen lmao
im trying to help new people bro
Isnt it! I suppose its naturally the first chat the newbies are engaging in. And this community is growing so rapidly.
maybe for u isnt useful but for someone new yes
woo Youre welcome man glad i can help
Yes sir i cant even keep up with the messages
haha thats why we have cave2 and cave3 an then chillcave
yall gonna need 6 more caves for when it grows haha
Thats why i am here in Cave 2 haha
for sure!! which is also the reason why they implemented thecave3  not too long ago oii
Goodnight everyone  have a great Halloween 
Its a bit hard a times. I always like to take a few 10 minute breaks refresh the mind then I can better focus on converstaions!
Same here man! I like to take a break from time to time man
Hope everyone is having a great night
i like doing memes maybe i should make some hehe
You got money like that too eh 
If he keeps sending this and not engaging in regular convo yes I believe it is considered spam
Ky  your artwork is sick. Love mash ups!
My brother lives there! You like it?
I can see some bearX fam here whats up fams
Hell yeah im trying to go out to visit sometime soon here
i will just i finish my home work
Yomppp building rep even w no xp i see
Heard they have some amazing views out there canttt wiat
im here for the vibes its a friday night and i stayed in 
Hahaha me picturing what it would feel like to get a WL
Hello everyone how everyone doing?
Mad at myself for not sleeping lol Im awful.. but make sure we are trying to grow the Twitter up too gang. This whole project is organic and the more we do the higher we fly Wyverns
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
Same here man coffee break indeed
Its afternoon but Im at work now haha
Dont forget to check announcements new members only trust officiallinks !
My pfp is the one Im part owner of it.
Are those GIF wyvern can be minted or those are for auction?
Hahaha same just vibing with all the homies and shii. Whats some hobbies that you do? Something i fw doing is throwing discus and shotput
all 3500 will be minted through WL at 0.05ETH. Have a read in faqs
Honey only dry ur wallet and dry you up so you cant chat here
Hey guys! just wanted to ask what thing from this project caught your eye or peaked your interest? looking to hear 
ngl i dont really do much LMFAO alll of my hobbies kinda died after highschool  used to play basketball  volleyball but too little time on a day to day basis
Ayeee i see u. Now i know for sure u be poppin mandies hahahahaha
Theyre just the rare ones bro! Hopefully we get lucky 
I love that we have a cave 3 now someone was talking about it with me in here KEKW who was it
Hahahah bro they sell everything at the bar in this club hahaha
the art for me  i love dragons.
Is three head blue eye white dragon coming?
you will! keep contributing talking and interacting with the community and enter giveaways contests and you will! WAGMI ! LFG
It has pokemon  yu gi oh vibes for me!
Sheshh. Hope I got my green soon. Been here since 500 I just literally missed out on OG
3000 WL wow. so many 1 for me please
so many talented people in this community that fan art is amazing
You are gonna get it bro! Dont worry 
Been trying to be active and contribute on the community too. I hope I got notice.
Damn You fw hiking? or thrifting in a city?
definitely! can never go wrong with dragon art
Yoww my bear fam. We got this. For sure you will before me
Love the roadmap the pixelated dragon and the community has been awesome!! That sealed the deal for me.
How are kaijus going anyone? they still holding up in this market?
wow blue eyes white drag worth a lot
Glad you were here so early bro engage with the community and Im sure youll be rewarded soon
not objected to it but its not something i do very often. if i find time ill head out for ahike or such
yeaj its true love animated wyverns but a little bit dismoral becouse my art didnt like head wyverns but i was trying do my best lol
Hey everyone keep the positive energy  this project has a lot of potential
Oh no you dont. Thats gonna be sick!!
love it bro! community has been so great. roadmap looks amazing as well. great to see you onboard
Bro everything hahah but I dont really fw G seen many peoples lives getting wrecked bc of it
Hey bro thanks for having me here! I just joined like 1 hour ago! I was looking for NFTs like yu gi oh and then gladly found this one man Kishu
haha oh yea forgot about the community its crazy. I love it here!
Yes sir Im very positive with that. I love how community engaging in here. The vibes was so good
Ohh damn! Trust me if youre into trading card games there is huge surprises coming 
I feel it most people just be busy with other stuff. Got any favorite sports teams?
Love you by bringing back my childhood old memory Yugioh Blue Eye White Dragon PeepoHeart
yeah after no exp chat became really comfortable for good conversation and chill
Where was art inspiration from!
Same my brother. Lets hope to get on the WL soon fam. Any other projects you in or looking at?
I want a bull market girlfriend 
Have u tried K? Aint it the best? Hahahahahahahha
Ive completely exited my interest in sports too LMAO. I just watch games here and there for leisure but not really a superfan. Used to love the Knicks though WAYYY BACK when Lin was dominating. My old screenname was a play on Linsanity
I cannot even contain myself damn. Nice to hear that! 
Yessir community is 1 for me. Keeps the project going. Without it its nothing.
broooo i forgot about jeremy lin wow goated
Yeah man! I wont tell you what it is but Im sooo excited!!
playboy rabbitars and headdao but thats it! what about you? i love the community here! great for a change in scenary
Oh what? Cant wait to see what you guys got
Man dont give me some goosebumps
Oh man you making me jump up and down. Lol. Like a kid excited to open Christmas presents. Hahaha.
Youve hit the jackpot. Welcome to the community bro
they call us degens for a reason 
sheeesh as long as you chilling your good. I was tryna make convo but that was a lil forced from me 
you dont need to exp doesnt work for messagers
Its getting intense now hahaha. Virtual cards  i am excited sorry
Never rest! We need to be more helpful
I maybe missed the OG role. But I wont miss anything again for this community
LOL hows discus and shotput you play on a team or for leisure
Hey brother thank you for the welcome! Yea i just found this on youtube and was like hmm ok ill come take a look
Same wish i heard about it earlier but were still early so
Its about drive its about power
I may not be OG but imma bring back some YugiOh shits
For the new comers kindly check announcements faqs sneakpeek roadmap and follow our ofc twitter acc! officiallinks
Little late just found this project and hop in around 500
i think soon we will need cave nuber 4
cosmic wyverns gon take over   kaiju lfg
Hey Anastasia good to see you! Where are you from?
Right guys gotta keep an eye on twitter giveaway also
If you have some suggestions to share put it on suggestions we love to hear from you guys
we always try to give this links to newcomers too
Not a big problem if you are helpful you dont need to care about late or not
Cave 4 for sure cuz ryandcrypto just posted this like right now
Just chilling with the fam and you
hes the goat i saw so many people say they came from him including myself
reall great community and it will help our chat not to become crazy
I did one year in highschool for fun with my friends and ended up liking it. Now I throw for leisure. The way the disc rolls off your hand is so weird because its similar to how a bowling ball should release from your hand  but from the side and using momentum to keep it in place when winding up
Just vibing with the community fam hows everythin
i havent had time to even watch. Been busy grinding diff things
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
I know the exp is not up atm. But I love to vibe in here.
Winding up is building momentum before the throw to get max distance Apex
Gee I wonder how mnay others are yet to find it on youtube too. This is going to boom. You joined at perfect timing still early and have a chance at the WL
Anastasia looks like an Italian name 
Oh yeah i cam from there too haha
Its no problem love to do something for projects which i love and make comminity friendly and usefull. When i saw about BREATH i understood that i need to have wyvern in my collection
Yes sir way way early! I am super glad I found this project man and you are early as well bro! And also still a lot of WL spots left hopefully we get it soon man
krazyEight Hey I thought id ask in here lol how long have you been drawing for? Art looks siiiickkk!!
Also sent some good game in suggestions so you can check it out
Thats whats up bro!!!!! Haahahhah ive been watching his videos and almost all the nfts he made videos with goes up
and maybe one day we will be in one DAO with this guys we should be kind with each other from the first messages
Doesnt get more ORGANIC than this!!
yeah i think its the strongest project now  art and stacking system makes me excited
Been good. Trying to get a toddler to bed
Yes sir the roadmap is crazy actually
Yeah hes been pretty spot on i like his calls! Thats why im in here haha
Yer community dope so far like theres still heaps of us chatting even tho XP is disabled for 24 hours. Shows people still care to chat and converse with others
roadmap is the main reason why im here
Yup always has been man! Glad to have you here bro
Lol. Its not but gotta do it.  hows your night? Or day
Nope weather is terrible been inside all day
Heres better to chat. Cave 1 too fast for me to read up some replies
Honestly for me yu gi oh vibes and road map and community  all three together auto blue chip nft
Guys Im actually running on 3 battery right now Im gonna go back to raving.
As always my dms are open if you have any questions whatsoever Ill check all of them when I get home same goes for pings obviously 
Whats good man you still active rn?? You been on all day from what i seen 
You too fam good luck on getting wl 
yeah its hard for me to grind with no emotions i would like to chill meet new people and have fun in chat
Its kinda crazy how we are growing guys! Keep it up and follow on Twitter!
Late night for me my sleep schedule is destroyed lmaooo
yeah i been on here and there went outside for a while took some breaks 
Oh no. Did you destroy it or was it outside forces?
I hear that brother! More genuine when we are just tryna fit in random replies to people to gain some EXP
vibes in chat are very importand
Thats good to here I also might seem like Ive been here all day but i swear i went outside and touched grass a couple times today
Have fun some irl fam. Stay safe out there.
Welp. Now you got to live with yourself and you might as well spend your evening to chatting away in discord.
Just got invited to the server! Glad to be here
These are the kind of projects people wanna get into! Im excited to be here
been doing it for hours now hahahhaah
Welcome bro. Im earlier by a few mins
How long did that take you bro? And CONGRATS!!! 
I mean.... I truly think youre being productive though. Hopefully well be a part of this community for a long time
Congrats! Hope to join you soon!
Omg congrats bro! You deserved it for sure
Thank you the mods and admin for blessing me with the WL. Truly humbled. Thank you again family!!!!
Jared4 glad to be apart of it !!
yooooo gratz! i see you often you deserved it 
Most importantly enjoy the moment bro
Couldnt go back to raving without a little Oprahing 
Yes I wanna make relationships with a bunch of yall!
Congrats man we will be joining you there soon. We will build this community strong by spreading some good vibes
congrats man! mods truly are watching
thats fire id love to give that a try sometime
Facts right here and good vibes is the way to go in building an awesome community my guy
Yes man having strong community makes the dream work
Yall see me on the giveaways ....I lost tho 
OY!! U here bishhh lezgetittt hahah
Ik but Ill do better next time!
Ayyyyy bro amazing you deserve it
Haha sure bro make some frens out there. Will definitely helps up in the future
Yoo my coke lets get the jack daniels going
better start sending those messages unlikely you win another giveaway unfortunately
its fun but theres a little learning gap forsure ever do a mystery room?
Ayeeee boutta hit my pen since my girls sleeping and couldnt get our blunt in
there are a lot of spots of whitelist for you bros
Nah LMFAO my life is sad af KEKW  all i do is eat
Im literally here this server only got 500 so annoying to missed the OG role. But I gotta spread the good vibes here
My cart is low so im waiting for it to cover the last piece of cotton before i get chiefy
Aye man thats not that bad. You be eating wagyu and shii?
yes bro just keep engaging you will achieve it bro
new Wyvern Cookbook over on the food  channel in the pinned posts! come add your favorite recipe!!
You akready knoww!! Damn u here too bruh
Haha nah get chiefly with me now haha
Need to feed the kids fam hahahahahaha
not often but yeah ive had it a few times. whats yo favorite cuisinefood
Just vibing with the wyverns fam
aw man your luck will turn soon !
How are u buddy?? Really bullish about this project.. when launch?
I can be your 1st fren to talk with . Who knows haha 
Might aswell its getting late anyway
You bad bad hahaha. We got this my man. Weve been in this situation before. Lets goo
So true and that was my first time winning!! 
I was in cave1 and i cant even keep up with the messages lol
Thats what im sayin we be hittin the buzzer beater fam
Thanks man for sure youll got it before me. Love the positivity you showing
I just switch between the caves
i feel u... i might even go to cave 3
Hey what anime is that as your pfp?
Nice to meet u bro. U doing hog as well?
Recently i been messing with Mediterranean food heavyy cant stop copping gyros and chicken shawarma plates from my local spot
Same and I love everyone in here
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros 
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
We got this even on the crunch time
Just done with my daily routine buddy!
timwhothy man its good to be here. Lots of kind people and mods.
foofeethefeefoo  pretty much better buddy! Hows your day?
That is abit rough. But goes to show how quick you really need to be. An opportunity will come along for you bro
VeroSolo thank you fam!! loving every moment of it.
BladeBK24 thanks fam took me a 1.5 days but be genuine and helpful around the community and youll be good.
Jared4 thanks bro!! you will soon!!
daddyC  Cave2 Wyvern thank you fam!! much appreciated. your time will come.
timwhothy right blew my mind. thank you fam! youll get yours soon.
egg tart I appreciate it fam. see you as well. youll get yours soon. 
BearX  Jack thank you my brother!! your time will come soon. good vibes all around indeed.
shawnlsj much appreciated fam!! yes theyre watching so always be real. thanks.
oh they changed it to a 30 second timer?
Thank you my man we got this everyone heres is good and worth the green. Lets keep this vibe going we got this
its not bad its pretty average imo nothing too memorable from when i watched it
What do Wyvern eats for breakfast ? Kaiju eggs ?
Omg that motivated me so much thank u! I usually am super busy during the week. Gonna use this weekend to soak this discord all up and hopefully the hard effort will be noticed
oh man its been a while for me too  ive been messing with a local turkish spot shit really be banging heavy
Yep since XP off spammers sleeping
Congrats mate! Thank you! I hope to join you soon!
0xCharlyOP thank you my brother!! hope to see you soon over here. 
KryptoMamma thank you and keep up the great quality conversation.
Aye not too far bro. Im in NYC! Same time zone we lit gang haha
House of goblin. U are in the server
Lets always remember that the main goal here is to build a good foundation of this community. Community first lets gooo
Im watching jojos rn its not bad!
Peter T.  congrats bro! Was just talking to you earlier!! Amazing bro keep it up  looking to join you soon
Community first always man! Lfgggg
nyc is dope i went out there a few summers ago
Oh yes thats what I thought didnt wanna assume. Im holding till the moon rn they didnt do so hot. Are you in it too???
Thats right bro. Hope we can join the the green side
Great  enjoying my weekend here
Yup admin want us to have a rest 
Yes sir  Lets be commited on this project and dedicate ourself into this. We will be there soon.
Yep just for a day. Mods want us to be interacting with outside world ...like whats that?....but they still creepin so keep up the good convo but Dont stress on levels
Yes bro. A good project imo. Good idea behind it. Just messed up on their horde drop. But burned 3k supply is not a bad choice
Forsure my man this group of people and community are awesome. Keep the positive vibe going and hope to see you soon on the WL.
Hello welcome fam check announcements and whitelistinfo ! It helped me just a while ago lol
Welcome buddy hope u enjoy in this community
I wanna get outta here bro lmao
Its always quality over quantity. Lets make some valuable moments in here. Lets make the best out of it everyone. We got this.
What is gooooood bro! Just vibing here fammmm. The community here is crazy good
I thought the project was really gonna take off. But yeah they really ducked up the hordes. Yeah the burning isnt bad but rn in this bear market I think theyll need a lot of time to recover. How many u holdin?
yea i mean i guess it depends on where you are i was staying at my cousins house in jersey and then just went to ny everyday for a week
Yessir!! Hope to see you soon on the WL.
no invite contest is the best organic pay more time on Cosmic Wyverns
Yes Ill meet you there for sure soon hope to keep chatting w u and building more relations!
Facts right here bro thank you for this
Thats so cool to hear buddy! Hoping for a great day ahead of you!
Ohhh congrats for the green name !!
New Jersey stayyyy tryna rep NY lmao. My girls from jersey i be calling her a new jersian
We will meet on the other side fam! Goodluck again eh Peter T. you deserved it bro
Grats on the winners haha just checking back in to see the wyvern fam. Watching squid game rn couldnt watch coz of the grind fr hahahaha
Ikr  i just got info about this dope project GG
Im holding 5 how about u? Yeah just wait for the gas to settle down a little. Floor will definitely get sweep up.
I bought some HOG at the top now its worthless...
Squid game is litty fam!! I watched it like 3 times lmao
yea thats what i heard i think of ny and jersey kinda as like the same place tbh lmao
Nice its really good Im on 3rd ep now cya haha
It will definitely come back up. Be faithful. Long road ahead
Same here man i just joined like 3 hours ago lol
Ikr cant focus on watching movie too 
Nah it deff is basicslly the same I just be busting balls and saying they a different bread. They deff wack at driving thag for sure
thank you my brother!! Yes love the quality chat my man. keep up the great vibes and hope to see you on the WL soon fam.
Nice. What color u holding bro. They have their own abilities in the future
Ye will be disappointed lmao 0.0000001 eth for me
no bot invite contest hahaha just pure talking and helping each others
Oh man all the cave has slowmode
Haha yeah better than cave 1 too fast out there
oh yea driving in nyc is so bad too everything is so close together i hate it
its only 30 second intervals now  . cave 2 chillest cave
daddyC  Cave2 Wyvern I didnt get any rares  just blue and yellow and one with an accessory. But I didnt wanna burn and put more money into it already spent too much on gas
Ill do SHIB as well hahahahahahhahahaahah
Damn cave 2 goin nuts right now hahahahah
egg tart see you made the WL fam. lets go!!
Hello everyone! Just to remind you that if you need someone to talk to or kinda sad mentalhealth  place is here for you! Ill be there! Ill be gladly to hear you thoughts!
You already know fam hahahahaha the grind never stops
I hateeeee driving in Manhattan shit is wack  yellow cabs are the worst lol
hahahaha....i like ur fit bro that 750 
Yeah the gas is the stopper for most of us. I get it off secondary. Good price right now for violet and red gobs
Hi Im from India anyone here in india
Hmmm. Cave 3 aite havent spent much time there. daddyC  Cave2 Wyvern  yea cave 1 make my eyes bleed.  I can actually follow chat here
people just walk in front of cars in the street and its not like that at all here it was so strange but i got use to it quick
I also got burnt on this nft my biggest lost so far
No sir but welcome to the channel announcements for new comers whitelistinfo as well ! Enjoy your stay here
Im holding 5 bro. 2 blue 1 red 1 green 1 violet. All with accessories
Where are you from in India ? Cool country
i got burned on all my sol projects
timwhothy lmao right bearX fam be everywhere
Well cave 1 doesnt answer soo hows everyone tonight
i am from india i am from delhi Where are you from
Yeah like it here. Too fast for me to catch up too in cave 1. Myb im old enough haha 
Yeah but I just cant put anymore money into it need for other mints. If I had capital Id deff scoop some.
Did u also mint all of them? like staking then minting?
WHATS GOOD DOING GREAT FAM! Yes cave1  i cant keep up thats why i moved here
Look at the long run bro. Its gonna be big. Good plan ahead bro
Lmao people just wanna die basicslly here thats how much we hate it here. If we get hit we dont care apparently 
Same here. I have to scroll all the way up just to seek for the reply
Nah even worse. Too many slow walkers lol Im good on that
Bought it bro. Im not in horde 123. Bought them when its 0.28 all the way till floor right now
Yea man! Its hard to keep up with real convo there
Yes it is very good Indian food
I was like wow noone answers hahaha ty nice to here you are doing great. Indeed is hard to keep up haha
Oh I know Im old! Need a slower cave . Howd you wind up in this server?
Yeah i minted all of them and put them all to stake if thats why ur asking in horde 1 and 2
Yea man here you can do real convo hahaha no questions asked you can keep up honestly lol
Yeah. Im observing the pace there before starting a convo. Make sure I can keep it up hahahaha
Yeah all ppl do bro. Just hold and wait for the time to come.
Right now its raining ahahh ! Hopefully it clears up tomorrow
egg tart look at yourself buddy!
Yees thats nice to have a convo in which you can follow up haha
but the weather is continuos cloudly ?
Here is like a kinda chill vibe lol
What do you recommend? Ive had chicken makanwhala and garlic naan
Its spring right now so there was bound to be rain
hai i heard its a very good place
Cant wait to diamond hand this amazing project!
Exp is way off right now but the vibe is vibing it. It feels so good to be here
Yeah bro I know holding was never the problem haha we in here. I believe
nice there are more little towns or cities
Its the best in summer ! Beaches are so nice then
Same here man!!!! I really cant wait and the yu gi oh vibe just keeps getting me excited
Okay I dunno what that means lmao
Winter season has arrived in India
This. Im really liking the smaller mint size on some of these newer projects. Helps with retainment and community engagement
I saw someone sharing a list of upcoming good nft. So went for a research among them. Found that this is the best. No invite competition.
chicken is good it would be great
Imagine having 100 unique holders. This is something that will be so good
Oh get ready for a cold winter HAHA
We dont have seasons here in Malaysia 
Especially with the WL and one per mint
Yeah. Some project is a hold bro. Mostly organic one. All depends on the dev team.
Dont need to sleep on cave 2 cause its trash
Malaysia bro. What time rn in your country?
 just got here not long ago! How is everyone doing in here
Man thats not how you spread positivity. You can get out of here now and move to you cave
I am from the philippines but i live in Canada lol.. 122am here now HAHA
foofeethefeefoo thank you my man!!
If it is not weather then what is
Yo I thought your phone is way off. You love vibing haaa
np roblem bro whatever you need tell me
Me too like 3 hours ago!!! Hahaaha check announcements and whitelistinfo fam
Awesome. How long u have been living in Canada?
Thats awesome I didnt even know that! But good to know my G
Its 365 days summer in my country
Already checked it out  gotta keep it real and let the community grow! Love these projects
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
Hahaa itll be good for you then
very good bro if you need something tell me please
projects that do 100 presalewhitelist are great. no gas wars 
For about 8 years now man! Also I love malaysian food the soup called laksa
Yeah lets work together and grow this community!
Ahhhhhh Brooklyn if we getting that specific
right bro this project would be next blue chip
Ugh. Yea I suck at invite WL stuff. I dont even bother. Those projects have been tanking recently anyway.
Andy12 Wyverns yep helps keep that floor up. Lets go 100x
No problem happy to help around here
Cave 2 always holding it down. Yall the GOAT.
Completely agree gas is always disgustingly expensive  ! If we can avoid gas wars that would be awesome
Hahaha I wonder how many ppl from NYC in this chat
Gas wars still here tho while shitcoins are running
Haha seems like you are favoring cave 2 quite a bit! Does it have a particular reason?
Im from Canada bro hehehe it snows crazy here. Also I have a lot of indian friends here too. I eat a lot of indian food too chicken tika masala chai? manggo lassi? Garlic naan etc. Cheese paneer is my favorite
Its our norm here. Electric bill is insane 
Cave 1 2 or 3. Always remember we are all family in here. We are all winner. We are one big community
Heyyy a familiar face !  how are you doing mate ?
Until it becomes a competition!
Facts man every cave is an awesome cave and no need to compare because we are all in this together building a good community.
Laksa is good tho. I bet is not easy to get in Canada?
Cave 2 and 3 and for sure better than Cave 1
Friendly competition is always a nice thing! Motivates a lot of people i feel
thats actually sick af you and your homie forsure got the best costume idea i seen so far no cap
Yes bro really hard We had to wait for 6 years to get in here. But my mom was already here tho. But still hard.
Hello Cave 2 friends wanted to debut some wyvern emojis fan love that I made. Please thumbs if you enjoy my collection! currently on Legendary Lightning Wyvern
Yeah me too. Thats why Malaysian likes to travel at end of the year to winter country 
glooking i thinkw e got this a while back but it never gets old haha its hella funny and wild big too
Right? Thats how I feel bout it too
Yea for sure there are so many people from NYC
Best of luck to ya fellow new Yorker
Hey hey  how are you doing mate?
Wait for my memes Im coming for that sheshh
Same to u bro  stay safe in these streets bro 
Jared4 for sure bro deff some from PA too I bet
Thats crazy!!! I am enjoying all the emoji wyverns! Really big fan of yu gi oh lol wthug wpsyco
Honestly it would be boring if you would get handed everything! If you work for it it feels a lot better
awesome pfp bro! everythings good in the hood here. how long have you been here bro
Cave 2 is winning the race no matter what
Maybe a few but theres def alot from NY
Yea haha we know what its like to work at this point
I am great! I really love these engaging projects its an awesome way to show support
Not that long actually just joined recently and getting to know the community 
Lets go guys!!! Almost 10k members time to build this community to the max
Definitely. That will be another story of your life to tell and you learn to appreciate what you have
hahaha seems like i have more interactions in here than the other cave but theyre all great.
same too! might change my pfp to wyvern
hey everyone new here! cant wait for this project already loving the vibes
Thats crazy. We were just at like 4k when I joined..... yesterday!
Doing great bro  how are you today! great to see your name here
i have make a meme for the community check it bros memes
For sure  hope we can all have a great time here
Cool man. Do I know you from another project?
Lets show why we are the best cave. Lets show who we are. Show them how polite we are
Damn bro its only up from here! On the way to 100K for sure
This project looks great as well 
Not much fren to invite most of the time. Share on those shill channels and no one coming in  not able to WL sucks haha 
Just checked it looks awesome man
 ! Yeah it seems pretty lively here but i havent checked the other caves just yet so its hard to compare
That would be great well be part of the dragon family  if wyverns are considered that D
Awesome bro! Keep up the great work
haha pick and choose or chat in all three.
thanks bro we are going to do it we have a lot of chances
Strongest community member was in cave 2
Yeah i like that similar to kongz they value people that support the project and want to build a nice community
daddyC  Cave2 Wyvern  yup! Totally sucks. But then some of those projects arent even worth it unfortunately.
egg tart congratulations on the green bro  much deserved
Yeah man that is the correct way to go 
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
Yooooo egg tart CONGRATS ON THE GREEN FAM! You just welcomed me awhile ago jeeeez
its doable with the timer. haha
No way haha i think just being in one already takes a lot just to keep track of all the conversations
all caves are great but rage is the best channel
I keep swapping between cave 1 and 2
Yes sir check announcements and whitelistinfo this helped me awhile ago
Yeah there is  ! Still early stages  have fun here mate
every cave is a safe place to stay and enojy
Cant keep up on cave 1 honestly hahahahaha. Cave2 chill vibe
Chat is super slow  cant even interact properly
Most of the project can say.  cause invites with bots and so on. No interaction in the chat. And community dies out
I know Coke is there lol hahahaha i love the vibe their too
I suppose so. Still a bit hard to keep track of everything though
Hey mods if youre reading this just wanted to say thank you for making us actually engage in chats and not making us just reach a level. Having actual convos with people instead of just seeing spam so just wanted to say thank you!
cave 1 is wayyyy too spammy cave 2 and 3 are the best
Some guys told me its 60secs before they changed to 30s
Looks awesome man!!!!!!! Cant wait for the actual release actually
yeh bro cant wait to see the different variations
Thats true! Other discords where i went they just saying lfg and wagmi LMAAAAAAO
Hey community !!! All the best to everyone !
Hey man thank you for that awesome words bro
 its alright! Just gotta chill and take your time
Exactly. Didnt go to cave3 as heres best for me
Yea. Some dead discords after mintreveal. Some projects be tweeting how they all organic growth and Im like broooooo you just made me invite like 5 people
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros 
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
HAHAHAAHHAAHAHAHA Coke Cave been sniffing it white 
 someone please go look at my meme
Yeah man super slowed  have to Work simultaneously
When its about drug coke is always there to join
I use the search method to keep track of all my conversations. Thatll help a lot. 
Fellow members if you want to track your conversations use the search method and type in your username and all comments will be seen. That way you dont scatter looking for responses.
Its better the be 5. More interactive. But heres come the problem. Spamming of the chat
I think its because the first cave goes really fast  but cant say for sure since i only got here recently too
the most recent sneak peak is by far my favorite
15 seconds is cool it was a minute earlier so
Haha  most of the group are. Too many projects coming soon
This cave is super cool and nobody is spamming
Like this one I feel like I wanna meet people others im like bruh
30 seconds is actually good no spamming
Yeah man ! I 100 agree haha reminds me of charizard and i love it
Thanks for the great advice  will start using this
Nah thats very helpful but sometimes when the discord has 39349440 members its so confusing and messy since its always moving
Nice PFP! I just grabbed a bunni today
Yeah its really nice i hate the lfg and wagmi spams so this is much welcomed
Its hard when youre using phone discord 
Between oversaturation and insane gas ETH projects not selling out unless they got true blue chip potential
Yea man!!! When and they asked me to invite like 10people and im like.. bruh im new to discord i have 0 friends hahahahahaahahahahaha. They were like post it on other discord. Then i just left lmao
Chat was still flying with that minute delay though
I can see animations in the sneak peak is everyone getting motion type NFTs ?
look way better than majority of projects being released. I love the pixel art and wyverns are awesome
Thats only for cave 1 right? Or cave 2 and 3 are flying as well
Yeah have seen a lot projects struggle right now! Unfortunate timing for a lot of them this week
YESSS THE FRIENDS PART HAHAHA I feel like all us nft ppl understand having no friends
Bro is that junglefreaks? Looks awesome
Yea im talking about cave 1 earlier
this is the one of the best projects bro
I think thats just for the legendaryunique types that are 11s
Yes sir!!! Hahahaah pretty sure nft peeps has no friends in their discord or is it just me. Wahahahah
Yes brother Im an OG in jungle freaks! Community and team is insane and diamond hands 
what is friend word you are talking about
Hahaha nah bro I gotchu. Im add you if you need Invited i gotchu. Hope you got me back haha. Were friends now bro
Insane gas is the biggest issue right now for project not to be slow minted out.
Ah.. thats why I moved to cave 2. Pace is not too slow not too fast
Oh no I thought whole collection will get similar types 
Wow seeing a few familiar faces
Same cave 2 and 3 are much better than cave 1 imo
Yup noone likes to pay 0.20.3 eth gas when mint is just 0.05
Hahaha yeah bro Idek where I got that word from
Lots of struggling projects and the huge hacks this week. People definitely gonna be more selective with their 
Yes sir!!! Youre gonna be my first friend here actuallt hahahaha. Also i like your magic mushroom pf
Hi Pman Im just joined few hours ago
your name reminds me of mr pinkman aka jesse pinkman from breaking bad
Thanks bro. Yeah bunni is nice hop hop. Myb gonna scoop up some more soon after the gas drop
I avoid such gas ! Can spend between 50200 max not much just for transaction
Thank u bro! How long u been in the nft space then?
Haha  i wish ! But that seems very unlikely tbh  gotta make things special for the unique types
I love memes! It always give me a positive vibe
Oh yeah! Lol... Its been a few years since I watched that.
Yeah 2050 jacked up is insane. Thats why we are now in the winter market. Cold out here
I havent been to cave 3 actually. I just hoop my way into cave 2  
So people usually stick to the same cave here?
Thats why I love discord man. Really have common interest with ppl all over the word even when IRL u got none of those lol. We boys now haha
Gnite Cave 2. This kids gotta be put to bed. See ya in the morning
I can under that in what other projects are you into?
Im tempted. I love that art style. Super clean and cute
quality show ay timwhothy yeh memes make the world vibe round
Haha keep chatting with me and get to know me and maybe that word wont be so foreign to us 
Yesss sir hahahahahaha finally man! Ok ill see you tomorrow bro! Sleep time
Yeah but thats completely reasonable a lot people just waiting for gas to slow down and get back to minting ! Id expect people to go crazy again once gas dies down
are you from india And where am I from India?
sounds gewd ive seen your pfp around what project is that?
Gas be going crazy last few days
Hey guys myb we can settle out home base here in cave 2. All of us here. Haha  myb change our server name to Cave2 Wyvern
Goodnight man! Get a good night sleep talk to u tmor
BearX  Jack ey BRO I CANT wait for your memes! Make sure to tagged me haha goodnight man from here sleep time
Hey hows your day bro? Im just gonna start making my sourdough
I think this is where we explore everything from the perspective of duality 
Right now i am in bearx hor1zon and imxkongz  love these a lot
I guess im hoping between cave 2 and 3 but i saw some people say theyre sticking with there cave
Stay healthy guys !! See you shortly
Read up the roadmap as well. Good thing ahead.
Its the magic mushroom clubhouse and yeah bro gas is insane. I just wanna mint something rn and Im waiting to gas. 100 the new 60 I guess
Nice! I prefer nonduality but to each their own fam.
For sure. This one looks legit.
damn yeh i remember when i came into the nft game like 3 months ago high gas was like 40 rip
All these are imx projects? BearX got hacked several people lost their money
Rarebunni is the name haha  or do u mean is my bunni rare?
maybe some people here bro singapore
Anyone like my thanos take on wyverns?
Im gonna checkout cave 3 later on. How long have u been in this server?
where are you from and ate your food
Malaysian here. Theres a singapore channel myb check it out
No just imxkongz is on layer2 and yeah the hack was unfortunate but the community decided to increase mint price and compensate the victims
Hows the community treating you
Zup Wyverns! Your Quotespiration buddy is here and gonna leave you some quotes to start your day better!
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.  Albert Einstein
Always remember mentalhealth is here if you all need someone to talk to!
Yeah thats when I came started too honestly  crazy man
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 18 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs  
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways   theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo  
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 also try your luck in fanart  and memes  at a chance for a WL spot!
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
i joined like 34 hours ago when ryandcrypto posted his video
Non duality is a heresy in these parts p
Nop Im Indian  but theres no Sherpa rate channel for us. Our community is huge MagnusDrake
Community is soo good ! Stayed on all day. Didnt realise time flew by haha
Perfect. I love to ruffle feathers lol!
Hey bro Im from Malaysia too. Which part u from?
You got yourself in a safe house ?
Yea Indian channel be good you are right
got a few other projects lined up and at this point gas it just gonna ruin my funds haha guess we will see what happens. With eth hitting a ATH things are defs interesting
From Singapore  just had my lunch
True thats great! Keep it up time flies when u have great community to talk too
Me too I saw someone posting on shill channel and found it. But the vibes here is good so trying to make friends here
You dont have that 30sec timer?
Wish I was better at art .. something I need to work on.
Have u heard about the triple dots that all supplies depends on ETH ATH?
Yeah thanks !! Thats so true everyone here is so good to talk to
Yeah I just checked out. Thanks
What are you lookin at? And yeah bro I got no funds soon enough haha
Im having 30 sec cap on my chat but youre messages are coming under 10sec. Any hack bro 
yea i came to check out the discord and saw the activity and vibes so i stayed def glad i joined
Oh wow me too. Its not easy to meet someone from east Malaysia.
i would like to visit this country one day
Just like your self ! This is greaaaat
haha nah bro i also got the 30 second timer rip
Whale sharks World of Wojak and some random ones but this project is my main focus tbh all those other ones dont match the energy this project has
Yeah small world I can say. where exactly are you in east my
Same here. Whats your time right now?
Try healthy alternatives for lunch ! MacD is not good
Just found this project and gonna read up about it soon
There are so so many projects out there.. limited time.. and limited eth 
Compare to cave 1 sure its slower 
wow so good food would have been a lot of fun Well what is your time
Im currently living in Kuching but was born in Sabah. Hbu buddy
Yeah its a bit too mad in there lol
What Im from Kuching too. So much covid cases here each day
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 23 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
yeh bro word. ive learnt to stop fomoing to projects cause ive got so much money locked up into nfts just cause i fomod haha. This one i know will be worth it tho plus i pretty much live on discord and i am happy i found a place to chat to genuine people rather than just going wagmi back and forth.
Please give some love to my fan art its a batik wyverns fanart
Get vaccinated and avoid public gathering
defs do bro this is a community based project they arent just tryna sell they want to build a strong community filled with genuine people thats why i like it
My husband love McD and thats the only suggestion I get from him when ordering food online 
hi bros im expecting you are having a good night i make another memes  hopefully you like it
Already meeting some genuine one now so I can see that for sure
I left after I couldnt find my convo.  it takes more time to scroll than actual typing
Hahah I can understand that but try let me him eat something like MacD but a healthier verison
Yeah Ive also fomo far too much.. my portfolio look like a mess 
Brother its level has increased so much that Now it has become very difficult Its hard to even get a number in this
hey! good bro hows it going on your end?!
Good day to you sirmdm!  beautiful weekend
you are from india But from where in India
Oh nice its the first time I heard about the place and I just googled it. Have u ever visit Malaysia?
Haha sorry I was just kidding. Its in India .
Lets blow up Twitter to 10k guys
I have been there since last 1 hour it is from this morning so far I or my rank is not even 1 big
Dumb question but does talking in the other channels besides the cave get taken into consideration? Lol
just grabbed lunch and the little hatchling is back however everyone
Oh we are in the same city. Thats amazing! Yeah the cases is def fake as the death cases are rising each day but confirmed cases are decreasing. 
Hmmm nice question but only MagnusDrake can answer this 
XPs are not coming I guess they stopped it for today
I heard there is vegetarian menu for McD in India is that true? Other healthier options which he doesnt like  that give me headache
A green head told me theyre always watching  so we good haha
Good to hear that. What you do?
covid has change many lives some to bad some to good
Holly Cow already 8k members !!
 not surprise as our gov is like that. Haha
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
Dont rest here its done today Too many people are growing in this Its too hard to be green in this now
Exactly! We have vegetarian menu here. Veg menu includes tomato onion potato stuffed tikki which tastes good
I guess Ill just stick to cave 2 at this moment than. Since there isnt a channel for my country 
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros there a lot of whitelist spots dont worry more than 2500
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert  
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
Yeah 2020 sucked but ngl 2021 came with blessing. Just wishing more blessings for all of us in 2022
No bro. Malaysian here. Are u from AuS mate?
Hmmm then it is common for all the channel!
woah when did you go green bro! congrats
Its almost 2pm here too. Where do u from buddy?
hopefully yes bro i lost many people is that horrible year
Just have genuine conversations thats all that matters!
yeh bro im in melbourne it feels like we are in a dictatorship low key
Dont blame the government. You picked it hahahaha
Ah man shit.. so sorry to hear that. Many many more blessings coming your way my bro. I know it 
smeef got me gotta give man the props
one of my good online compadres is mexican!
Hahaha  better than us here mate. My bro staying at Melbourne currently
that guy sounds like a legend congrats man you deserved it 
Graduated in 16  mechanical engineer
thank you bro hope this finally ends sometimes i feel good but sometimes i didnt see the way i can achieve this
Oh that sound fantastic! We only have nasi lemak here for our special menu in McD which doesnt consider as healthy too 
oh nice you guys got family here? or did he come for work or studies ?
Hahaha its a non veg stuff I guess
Hola papi pues no pero me encanta un monton este cuidad
I feel theres 100 new members every hour!Its insane
Hey bro chilling and grinding together. Hbu?
Yeah he is working over there. With his family
You can request it  mods will create it 
Yeah man we are still early for this 
Cool ye kaun si bhasha hai SPIDERKid ? 
Yeah still more than 2750 spots left
oh very nice. melbourne is a beautiful city just the whole covid thing has gotten people going crazy as we are put in and out of lockdowns constantly
But we are not getting any of those spots at the moment 
going great my man. hows your Friday coming along brother?
Ikr. maybe we can meet more friends from same country if there is a channel for our own country. But thats how I meet u 
Yeah all around the world get affected. Our government dont even care to lock down anymore even we are thousands cases each day just within a city.
Keep going mate! The mods and team here is very active and they will take note of folks who are contributing!
Lots of it  let us all work for it
Live with it.  there is nothing else you can do
mmm that sounds scary are they trying to get everyone vaccinated? like how accessible is the vaccine to everyone?
Sad. Even theres something u can do. They will backdoor it again haha 
yup we just have to enjoy the community
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros there a lot of whitelist spots dont worry more than 2500
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
Yeah. Nasi lemak is rice cook with coconut milk and pair with some spicy paste call Sambal and fried chicken. It doesnt even sound healthy by describing it
vibing out i love it just seeing if anyone has questioms
Yeah a friend will always be the same whether from same country or different
You dont mind if I use your template hehehe
Ikr sound scary but at least our states Gov doing their best to give out vaccine. About 8088 vaccinated tho
just found this project looks dope
love the OG color fam. looks nice on you.
Welcome to cave 2. Make urself home
Hahah your PFP looks cool madam
thanks bro you aswell have a nice one
Thanks Ser you have great green  all colors are equal 
yup i was searching for some channel with 10 sec cooldown but there are none xD. its hard to have a conversation with lot of slow down
Nah. Just live with it. Thats how Chinese ancestors told us to be tolerant 
We are still lagging no color except dirty grey 
pfff that og color seems like diamond hahah
Yeah this community is something else
i think i want to be here rather than the first cave
sry fam hopefully they can get you that green soon. keep that positive vibe going.
not bad your self pretty stoned watching dave chappell
cave 2 a lil slower and its easier to read
Im good here. Anything just check with the announcement channel. Just trying  to make friends here
hopefully we can score a wl spot for this project
active giveaways  lets prove lucky bros
Giveaway right now guys! Make sure you guys join
ok bro this is just a whole major vibe in itself
Plz plz plz be me to be the lucky one
Yep bro ! We will need some luck
Hope to win this time !! Wish me luck Guys
already entered the giveaway hopefully i win
hell yeah just got off valorant
If I get this giveaway I will love you all!
Yeah for sure. Nice to meet u sir
Way more ppl active than I thought
our state government had us in lockdown for like 8 weeks and we were averaging 2000 cases a day and then he decides to open everything up and we are still getting like 1600 new cases a day. makes no sense to me
goodluck to everyone on the giveaway
whats everyone doing for halloween?
lets hope someone from best cave wins HAHHA
feeling lucky bros lets try this go to giveaways
Drop a reaction if u like what u see bois
well you win some you lose some i suppose
i aint smoke in over a month due to health condition so you gotta smoke one out for me g
861687609490276382 861687609490276382
Yeah but the slow mode is necessary if not the messages would be flying around  experienced it when I first joined and you dont even have time to read anything!
Thanks Ser you are very kind  probably the most entertaining project I have been so far is Orcs and msg be this one soon 
give away unless you wanna receive away
ahahhhaa yea sometimes slow down is really necessary
LFG Wow 8400 holy shit lol it has only picked up
seen this server shared on a lot of other servers
I am sure i am the winner of this time!
Damn haha thats nuts Imagine hoping to win that
Watching YouTube and enjoying my time in here
you to bro   i didnt met the orcs until their floor was 1.5 eth hha  whats floor now ?
Oh I saw that on Netflix. But wanna to watch movie yesterday so doesnt watch his show
how do you got your whitelist ser?
Saw that video looks pretty dope
yeh man i joined yesterday and its already doubled!
This shit is going crazy axtually lol havent been this excited in a while
Hahaha exactly same as us here. Slowly it will be gonna out of control and everyone will be live with it and use to it
im watching one of the older ones
lol same here man this project got me so pumped
watched knives out and i had no idea what to expect but it rocked
Welcome to all newcomers!!!! Here are some suggestions for where you should start on this channel Dont forget to check Pinned Messages as there is some important info. in there as well as announcements for latest news! I would also check out roadmap to get a better idea on what is to come! If you havent already dont forget to join the latest giveaways by reacting to the post! GL to all if you want further info. on WL you can check it out herewhitelistinfo 
neither brother lets get this bread
Thanks buddy but I doesnt owned it. Its a event to put on their art and change name in order to get to their WL. Im lucky that I made it 
Just changed my name for the support of cave 2 . Love it here haha 
Do u have any habit for praise?
react in the giveaway chat hopefully we can get wl
well that was a short sleep lol. lets hope this is worth my sleep 
Hitting the pen thinking about it has me way more excited
yeh i never understand how bad it actually is so many people that have it say its like a common cold and they are fine even this one friend that only has 1 dose of vax healed from it after a few days
2 dose destroyed me and i couldnt sit up for like 16 hours
guys join the lounge voice chat
Good luck everybody on the giveaway
Its actually around 0.6e now as the mint finish and because of wait for next phase it went down still only 120 listed out of 5050. Next phase announcement expected in a day or so  
NFA  but May be good time to join  look into it. I have 20 Orcs and not selling lot of ways to get passive income
You can try how lucky you are in Giveaway
I cant check that out rn. Kid are watching blippi lol
Cave 2 is the best cave hands down lmao we still in dis
One orc project rugged I think  not sure which one  a friend of mine lost money there
Yeah all depends on individuals. Some might have strong symptoms of it. Hard to breath all those. But some just like a cold without symptoms. Vaccine effect i assume. Have u done ur vac?
natey whats up my g! Thanks for the warm welcome
Anyone lose a bunch of money on creaturetoadz as well haha. I had higher hopes for that project
Nap time for my kids and for me  so will catchup with everyone later
yeh its still too new to know how it affects everyone
yeahh i had to sell one at a lost today 
what a great drop is there a token or something like that ?
the first day it went up then after that went down hill
Can you check on your ranking progress in any chat ? With typing !rank ?
definitely worth the hold for most projects imo
Yeh its moving so fast I can hardly keep up with the convo. How long you been at it?
bro how do you get your whitelist
generic growth too this project gonna be huge!!
now my polar bears are causing me a huge loss as well smh...probably gonna lose 2 eth from that
check the new memes  that i make bros  hope you enjoy it
Man just chilling outta here and chatting others if they support creating cave 3. It was fun yesterday then I woke up seeing cave 3 has really been created! Man I love all the mods
Only an hour and almost 30 mins now
Yeap at least 34 years normally for a pandemic to settle down.
I came up pretty big on dalarnia mining apes. Such a weird project I didnt understand. But aped Im from a Nansen chart and did well in 2 days
I had to sell my sketch cos it wouldnt be worth claiming with this gas
Gm bro have your breakfast yet?
Oh word I just got back. Went to a movie
Not too shabby myself chatting  hitting my pen chillin haha
anyone else wanna join the lounge
How nice. The last movie I watch in cinema was dumbo
less that 5 minutes. Dont miss out on the giveaway guys! Good luck!
yeahh Ill take it as a lesson learnt
Idk man new Wes Anderson flick. My girl wanted to go. Boring as hell tbh
Im excited to get in on this project it looks promising? I dont like the invite nonsense. I almost lost it trying to get invites to work for me on another project
the real ones are the ones chatting despite no XP activated respect  just know you guys are being watched 
 same here. I usually start my day with lunch
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways such as right now! contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
nicee what strain? if you dont mind me asking unless your talking about nic KEKW
Lmao Im more of a show person myself not a fan of movies waste of bread Ill just watch it at the crib lol
hi bros if you are searching for wl and want to try luck just enter to giveaways
we gon b eating good noodles every day
whats the purpose of this cave?
Nah never that I quit the juul years ago. Gonna have my blunt old mother sativa when my girl wakes up tmor but for my pen its XJ13
And bro lets try and help build this community. Ill continue to comment on youtubers page to ask them to look at thisbproject
No doubt just watched dune on Amazon last night. That was actually pretty dope
bro i just love your BAYC the color way is so clean
If I win this I will give .0001 eth to everyone 
I have been active in the community for the last 2 days or so  when I first joined the community we had around 4K members and we have already doubled in less than 48 hours!One tip is to try to be helpful build a relationship with people and have good conversation with the people! I think the team appreciates genuine conversation rather than just canned responses. The mods and team are always around so if you are contributing and adding value to this space it will be noticed and rewarded  This is how I managed to get into the whitelist a couple of hours 3 or 4 hours ago. Very excited about this and I will be rooting for you bro! Will be here to congratulate you when your name turns green too 
Everyone make sure you have 10 messages so you dont get rerolled if you win the giveaway
hows everything everyone checking back in before bed
good luck everyone ! for the giveaway !
oooh thats nice rn i got a buddies dosi dreams liquid diamond and a raw garden
this was the first time i managed to enter the giveaway lol.. they happen so fast
gl guys never won a giveaway before
you already know. that shows dedication. props to all in the chat. yall make this community great.
gl everyone enter fast giveaways
ay thanks for the tips g congrats on getting green
Is there any requirmenets for giveaway?
great explanation man! workin on it! hopefully will get noticed 
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
If you didnt get in already hit up the giveaway and hit up the emoji
ill buy you a whole truck filled with good noodles
thanks bro i will need it hahah
Dosi is always good sounds mad good bruh u better enjoy it lol
wow so you just got your whitelist congrats dudeee!! yea i believe genuine conversation is much better than other conversationn esp spamm
Exactly  1 to this! This is how we build a community here! Genuine real conversation and it will be rewarded 
So excited for this project next kaiju kingz hopefully better lol
Same gl to everyone hopefully someone who deserves it wins
v1 you showed me the way fam. props to you and some others who guide me. 
Keep up with the positive vibes. I can confidently say there are frendships to be made here
ryans video brought so many people here lmao
Any other Wyverns from Hong Kong?
Everyone on this server . Thats like x8000
need more luck to win the giveaway
ive made plenty of frens so far!
Dune??? Its a really old scifi book. They made a movie in the 80s and just remade it. Kind of a peek into meta verse but in a desert planet with scary ass monsters
Thanks for the tips bro. Hope that Ill join u soon on the WL
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros there a lot of whitelist spots dont worry more than 2500
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
1000 people only 2 winners chances are super low
ahahhahahaha yea its about 8 eth total
Aron yeaaa im not that lucky tho
Hahahaaha for next one In offering 0.002
i look after my homies put it that way 
well its a giveaway so its not mean to be easy i think lol
slim chances but its okay theres always the next giveaway!
Will be rooting for you as well! Will be here to congratulate you soon! 
yup hope we will win the next giveaway bro
Hahah say less the same for u no less ofc
You will! Will be rooting for you! 
guys which wyvern you like the most
Hahaha good one bro. Hope u win and all of us win as well
are you doing the shroom scout adventure ?
Stay positive and give your best. Still stand a good chance and enjoy this community building process too
guys just remember there are heaps of WL spots left available just stay active meet some new people and you will get it in no time. Very easy to stay active here as people are so nice and willing to talk!
Thanks for the support. Its really nice to have WL people still being around and offer for help
gonna change my pfp to one of those wyvern which one do you guys think i should pick?? the electric or the flame?
Yes mate i will always be positive !
Gonna go do my work. See ya guys. Hope to still see some of u here when I get back
Its better to try in triviaquiz
Bro I stopped imma be honest wbu?
hope we get the second one guys!
still in it. minting the 3rd badge tomorrow D
Hey buddy when we first spoke I was not green yet so this can happen to you too! I have seen you being very active around here and I am sure it will be noticed! Will be here to say syabas when you hit green! 
Keep checking announcements guys! theres plenty of giveaways contests and official talk on the project for WL opportunities. Hope everyone has a lovely day!
got out the voice chat cause watching a show now dont wanna bother anyone
Yo this disc is going off haha!
i dont know about you guys but i think the mechanical wyvern is super cool
Yes sir! Look for me later good luck bro u got this
good luck we will welcome you back shortly!
I love this project hopefully I can be part of it for the future
Sounds terrible but I just knew I wouldnt be able to compete 
free kfc for all my cave 2 wyverns as well
congrats to the winners and for the ones that didnt won just be active there are more than 2500 spots for you
yow you will win squid game for sure xDD
 We are all in this together! A lot of folks here are super helpful and we all want the best of the community! 
My wyverns would totally demolish 27 piece meal in to time babyyyy
Too many people in this discord to be sleeping tbh shit
theres gonna be so many people dressed up as squid game themed characters this halloween i cant wait to see it
yea thats what i thought looks so dope bro
so many people in teal tracksuits 
kfc manager are you accepting shipping those kfcc
Yeah I noticed that. People here are super friendly. Its nice to be around. 
Where do u know about this server in the first place bro? I was quite late to learn about it
anyone know if server boosters get on the white list?
absolutely my favorite SO FAR could change my mind later as more sneak peek come out 
i dont think its that easy to get the whitelist mate
dont think they do its based on spots earned
Omg these Wyverns are sooo cute
If you liked squid games I recommend Alice Im borderlands
looks like a cyborg wyvern! so cool!
ty ty! I hope you enjoy that sativa sounds fire af for the morning
It was through word of mouth! A buddy of mine introduced it to me. Dont worry I would consider us to be early  this community only started a few days ago  give it a week and this will blow up. You are one of the early ones already!
yeh i watched that when it released on netflix its the og death game show on netflix
yea yea so high chance of changing my mind hahahah
Same type of thing. Squid games was pretty good
Yeah but rn its 230am so kinda shot out but cant sleep now lmal
you can earn the whitelist by engaging in the community or giveaway or some others thing that you can do. for more information you can check it at whitelistinfo timopheee
Check out battle Royale its  a og movie classic
oh damn fam where you from? its 530 pm here
yea i love it i love that cyborg bionic theme
no prob broo you can ask me if there is something that you dont understand 
i wonder what other traits they will show us? maybe an ice wyvern or dark wyvern!
yeh ive been meanin to watch it i gotta stream it tho dont think its on netflix or stan
yow dark dragon is a great idea that will be dope
Its the morning here in France 
omg you have some really awesome ideas i love it. full Gold wyvern?
Australia g other side of the world   im in the future based on the clock hehe
I havent been in cave 2 before. Hey everyone 
I mean technically wyverns only have legs and wings... true wyvern style companion?
how about elemental dragonnn have all the main element wind fire water earth
acfc i would want nothing more 
this is the problem back in the day we didnt have platforms curating our content we just went to bittorrent or mirc   and downloaded the stuff
et cest tot pour un samedi matin
Bloodborne too  we like dragons and dragon things
hahaha its always people on the other side of the world
ahahah take like 2 blinkers and youll be good aPESLmfao
hahahaha yea some different metal ones would be pretty cool
this wyvern things reminds me to dragon city xD
nah my lungs be weak af ill die LMAO
i think server booster just gives some additional functionality to the discord not sure how to get a booster though. may need to pay for it? dont think it has any benefits
hahahaha i remember those days. Remember those ads against video pirating and had like crazy like videogame soundtrack in the back and some girl stealing a movie or something
Im considering trying to pull my rare zombie for sale and just holding it for a bit and buying another just to have on hand
wooooow yes! top idea! crystal could be a legendary one !
e10b7b81c4d740b2a261a9604f84e6ea
Oh a wind one would be epic to see! I wanna see a sneak peak so bad!
all good and you ? come from cave 1 ?
i want to have at least 2 zombies incase of breeding purpses
yeahh cave 1 was too crazy. cave 2 is also crazy LOL might have to go cave 3
nice! hello from Hong Kong here
yea wind would be epic! now we just have the fire and electric wyvern. cant wait to see more wyvern
ahhaha yes cave 3 sounds good rn
The singapore channel has some good peeps
i will try and make some fan art for a crystal wyvern!
Oh wow Im in Florida. Internet is crazy huh?
Yooo I remember that commercial lmao
hello SG friends! im a huge laksa and ba ku teh fan!
LOL I try to do blinkers on low volts if i do do them. but if i dont want to destroy and burn my cart i do like normal volts and 35 second hits
I dont know what cave to chill in 
oh yes good idea! im not very artsy... otherwise id try...
brooo im dead that always cracked me up they made it look like a federal offence
Hey guys! just wanted to ask what thing from this project caught your eye or peaked your interest? looking to hear 
There is zug each orc with upcoming changes earn 16zug per day uniswap it is raining around 510 dollars though no liquidity added at this point.
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros there a lot of whitelist spots dont worry more than 2500
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
Facts . My night shift taking forever Im close my eyes for a few Minutes
caleb my girl can take those kinda hits she be burning all her carts idk how yall do that man
haha yea absolutely! really brings us together huh
I love the animated ones too! Hopefully they do another release soon they get me so pumped for whats the come!
Appreciate bro. I got things to settle will be back later at night. See u later 
i am not either but its worth a shot i think! another great way to earn WL
on discord all the time yeh haha
yup and not just the art i love the roadmap too. have you guys seen the roadmap??
Yeh NFTs are the tits what other projects you into?
sitting at my dinner table waitning for me to fetch up a nice steak
oh thats nice so you make mike 140 dollars per day ?
yea haha. you wouldnt steal a car.. like of course i would steal a car if it was as easy as pirating a movie
yea thats true maybe i should give it a shot!
i hold a deluxe imagine many will rock up soon. no doubt dropped in alpha chat
Yeah people usually use sushiswap to sell I sold recently 250zug for 0.5et.
i also like p2e gamefi stuff  you?
will definitely buy if possilbe
wow thats a lot of eth bro congrats nice buy
back to basics! old school is the best school my friend !
Yeah bro. The fact it turns into a game is wild. Think of how many people play games for fun this way theyll be adding funding into the project. Its insane
lol i saw a clip the other day of a guy that was chased by police and he had def played too much gta. he would drive his car in front of another car step out and steal the other car then just smash it into other cars and rinse and repeat lol. unbelievable
I dont understand that stuff yet. Looks interesting but time consuming. I just figured out NFTs
im very excited to see it! ill support you by liking it!
yea bro and those game are using this wyvern!!! DAMN!!! cant wait for the launch
thank you so much that means a lot!
Just checked the roadmap. Looks good
first time i see 3 talk channels 
haha damn covid got people acting crazy these days
Neither bro. I wish I could time travel and see a sneak peak of life in 5 yes time. A lot of people dont believeunderstand how much NFTs and crypto will be apart of our lives! The potential is huge!
take a bit of time but its worth it! its quite interesting
go for it g we aint going anywhere I am a cosmic wyvern cave 2 dweller now
i finish to to upload my homework bros i will go to sleep good night to everyone love this community image0 wknife
Hell yeah crepcole S0upz we growing fast haha.
anytime! we gotta back each other up right?
daddy chill yea nfts and metaverse will definitely be big in a few years
Like farming right? I seen this one called Defi  kingdoms the other day. Looked pretty dope
of course i hope that you go green soon!
they say laughter is the best medicine hopefully I am helping you and every one else get extremly medicated haha
I bet tomorrow for when I wake up we are at 10k
its when people get paid tokens while playing. like playable NFTs. which Wyverns has too!
Definitely man things are moving fast here
Yooo whats up guys just got back home from a night out lmao
likewise my friend! you too! youve nice and engaged in the community you deserve it!
Yeh I saw that. Mandy this will be the time I learn. If I can get this wl
I think there has been several yt vids about this NFT no?
Alright i think im turning in for the night it was nice talking to you all! Ill be back on in a few hours
yesir we full time steppas round here
Cave 1 pretty hectic at this time for me lol
Ryandcrypto got me into NFTs he is the man
Good night bro regain the energy 
Whats with all these different cave channels ?
Ngl these 30 seconds feel so long in my brain Im just staring at the timer running down lol
same for us! good luck to us both!
Sameeee for me hahaha feels like forever
Hey guys. Just joined here. Very excited for this project
yo welcome man! its a warm family here!
Ntg  just that dun accumulate all in one cave  too hard to have conversations 
I feel it. hahaha love the group being so active
Yessir I hate it but I understand the point of having it there
yea yea stay alert for giveaways there are sometimes random giveaways!
we dont need no xp to get us active we all just wanna be frens
Anyone know how big this collection will be?
Yeah if not the chat would go loco
Remember Devs will never DM you about anything! If you do its a scam and block immediately stay vigilant
Its to spread out the chats so that theyre less congested it makes it easier to chat with people because chat isnt moving as fast PESSalute
Didnt they have one for pirated movies too? Made it seem like you were about to go to maximum security
yeh bro legit i miss those days of the internet
How may post on average do you have to post to rank up ?
Yessir but still feels like I lose my message when everyone is talking lol
Im just hoping work leaves me enough free time to get on the WL lol
Dont we all hahaha i try my best even tho sometimes I end up losing the message and give up 
were all medicated always haha if u know what i mean
Aite. Love it. Lets make friends hahahah
Thats where reply is so nice lets you jump right to it
Community too active haha which is great but there needs to be more channels!
Yeah thats why in chats like this its nice to reply to one another so we can jump to each other
not only is he smart hes also funny
yep lets do it. Where you from g?
I wake up every single day at 5am  you should try it your day will be longer and you will have more time to do stuff
We have a lot of channels for talking already lol Ive been jumping around so much
yea i think its important to focus on leveling its just a lot of spam
id say im fairly cultured. also am jealous with the product you guys have out in america. here in auz its pre average but at least we just recently started getting medical grade
Yep thats what O try to do always that way we can have a fluid convo
What are you guys favourite cuisine? Looking to try a different variety
damn I feel like thats a hard routine to get used to though
oh wow thats awesome! do you exercise when you wake up before work?
ahhhh damn yeah we have some fire over here very nice stuff
You can mention me if you have questions
alright I think imma head off to bed it was nice chatting with you all today   PESSleepDrool
Hi !! Welcome to the community !!! If you have any questions feel free to  me
Yessir I been jumping from here and the other caves lol
Have a good night caleb ! See you later sleepingpepe
Hey guys Im about to out myself as a loner. I have no NFT friends besides my brother and this is the most Ive spoken in an NFT discord so far all like 6 messages lmao you guys are legit
thank you hope ur day is going well
Samee low key cave 2 and cave 3 are better than cave 1 but dont snitch 
yeh my dream is to come to the US try their product and eat all their fast food haha
acfc this would be my first project to get on board  I really love it
Aye I agreed I havent been able to have a convo with someone in cave 1 lol
Same here I really want to visit the US
3 caves are so active hahaha. Everyone is very nice. I like it
Same this community Im seeing so far makes me want to cry in gas fees
Nice! good luck with it! i hope you will get WL for your first project! best of luck 
Bro I havent gotten a reply yet in cave 1. I gave up on it 
thank you gn to you as well! PESSleep 
BladeBK24 Gn brotha! have a good one and stay medicated 
its nice you have your family onboard i cant even get any of my IRL friends to look into NFTs they still think you can just copy and paste the jpg lol
Really active! LOL gotta stay on the positive vibe! And grind
Chrisb960 lol ! All the best bro
Just got 3 lol but thats cause I just asked whos exited might be bots that replied tbh lol
hahaha thats a nice goal bro i like it
ayy same saturday evening vibes
Any Perth sisters or brothers here ?
my brother is making a ton of money off a p2e and he got me into it its been like 5 days for me hahaha
nice i lived in sydney for 8 years! love! my fav country
Talking about bota there must be a few here there always is lol
hahah nice! you have a lot of fun ahead of ya
ah nice! what time is it there?
ive had a lot of crazy ones. death start has to be my all time fav only found it once wbu
I know it wasnt directed at me but I had some Grand Daddy Purp once that was 
AP Im stoke that you made the WL fam!! Lets go!! Ride til the end my brother!!
Hello good hbu. Felt bad for not replying to me on cave 1? 
Ofc there is I can guarantee lots of the accounts that have joined are bots or people in there 10th or 20th discord account lol
i live in HK now! but my sister still lives in sydney. I want to go back but.... COVID 
I feel like Ive seen Death Star a couple times in Cali when I had a med card before rec
sorry if ive missed your chat ! cave 1 chat goes by really fast KEKWaddle
Is 302pm now. I laying at my sofa. Scrolling the chat. Relaxxx
I cant handle more than 1 discord 
Yes sir congrats to you as well!
havent tried much but girl scout cookies been my fav ive tried Chrisb960  damnn my mate grew some but he gave it to his dad
sleepy Aussie brothers and sisters !!! 
Hahahaha no worries atleast you replied now thats what matters
Yea. I gave up to chat at there. Too fast
Its hard ngl luckily atm Im only focusing on cosmic as of now and glad to put my time into this one
I dont think we ever had a conversation before though. Nice to meet you whats your name?
in nyc ive seen it once only wish i saw it again it was insane lol kush mints crazy too high tier not mid tier one
haha major vibe im 3 hours ahead of you. Almost dinner time
oh wow what made you move to HK?
This happens in every project no matter what the size or popularity of the NFT project people want to increase there chances at getting WL
If you like real heavy body feelings thats what it did to me. Felt like my face was slowly melting off but in the most amazing way LOL
Anyone else here from australia?
it was because of work! and now im stuck here... where in aus are you bro?
damn thats crazy ive had soooooooo many strains i wuodlnt even be able to name them all to u but deff wuld be able to name 20 easily gsc is fire tho every time i do get my hands on it
hahaha sounds like the ultimate indica
Like shiba inu !!! cosmic wyverns to the mooooooon !!! 
Same trying to focus on what I see potential and what I like community wise which is this one
Welcome to everyone thats new to this channel if you have any questions feel free to   me 
Have you ever had any of the planetary strains? Earth and Mars OG are some good shit
thank you my brother!! glad I told you about this.
i wanna try some different purple strains they look so nice
Nope we havent my name is as my discord haha hbu
Same! Ive been joining discords left and right but this is the first one to actively feel like a community for me
noentryRemember Devs will never DM you about anything! If you do its a scam and block immediately stay vigilantnoentry
What particularly made you attracted to this project? Also how did you come up with your name ENUFT. just remember you are always enough!
Nice to meet you Armando! my name is Sandy image0
He liked it. is that ENUFT of a reason for you? lmao
As am i there is something special here for sure
Yo guys please be careful my friend just got scammed 1eth  so many hacking links around
Yessir I wish I found it earlier but whatever hopefully Im early. I saw the art and it reminded me of my favorite Pokmon so if I were to get my own it would be awesome
haha bro i wish i could make my own strain and name it after myself
Great. Whats you re going to have for dinner
Jokes on them I aint got an eth
what would be the name of your strain?
Ohhhh we are so close. Hey neighbour. hahahaha
is it because you have many BTC bro 
nah bro that sounds intersting how was the smoke?
GBMM good purple strains imo that ive had are death star purple runtz purple punch ofc dosi dos cereal milk julius ceasar grape pie
hmmm havent thought of it yet honestly got no idea haha
DaNipper Chrisb960 thats really good guys its really good that alot of us in this community think like we do. It will help it grow even more and increase word of mouth
damn i just joined the perfect chat haha i love smoking all kinds off strains mostly indicas though
my absolutely fav. city! I lived in chatswood back in the day you?
Any German speaking cosmic brothers and sisters here ?
I live in Strathfield right now
julius ceasar lmfao what a name
Uhh Sandy my favorite character in Spongebob nice to meet you too
i see your into league of legends! what rank are you in bro!
Yessir thats all we can do hopefully we can all get our own Wyvren one day lol
yeah the names are crazy over here
KEKWaddle  LMAOO most of my frends call me sandycheeks
nice bro i used to hang out at the RSL there my uni friiend lived there
I wish I have enough eth to pay a gas fee in my wallet so I cant even transfer it LOL been looking for a community to make me want to get into eth NFTs
i guess thats what happens when everyone is medicated 247 haha
That would be great I love the art so much I would get a digital frame to show it off
bro this is it! i think cosmic wyvern is it!
Nameless Nope I am new to NFTs pretty much kind of FOMO newbee learning here.
I mean.... best sex ever smoke? lmfaoooo
oh sweet as I love eating the korean fried chicken its the best
Sandycheeks hahahaa thats a good one 
sorry i guessed because your name Ng sounds like a cantonese last name. but anyway it is nice to meet you my fellow asian brother
Im a season 4 bronze LMAO I havent done ranked almost ever
having high hope for this project!
Its okayyy mate. And I do know how to speak cantonese. hahaha
damn man! might be grinding the wrong thing! allgood nothing wrong with being bronze. some of my friends are bronze and they have the greatest mentality! keep it up chrisb
For real if I make it in that whitelist Im gonna make that leap
I just want something as unique as this one love me some low supply projects and when the art is as nice as this one honestly gonna be great
yes! malaysian are soooo talented in languages! i have a friend who can speak 4 languages omg
Of course thats more of an experience I had on it and not the smoke lmao. Super tingly body high real relaxing
yea bro good luck man i hope you get it!
I dont like to give projs floor prices cuz I feel its toxic but what you just mentioned will make it go very high
used to every night but got this bad side affect from my first dose of phizer vax so havent had for like over a month
Hahahaha. I know 4 languages also. Chinese Malay English and Cantonese. But my Cantonese is not good tho.
Yeah I dont like talking about floor I feel like that breaks up a community and project. When everyone is talking about the floor then you know no one is there for the long haul
I was daily for like 3 years until I went back home from college and got caught lmao now I get super paranoid sometimes yet still went through 8 wax pens recently hahaha
Not yet but going to. Waiting the project to launch the date
see! thats what i mean! sooo talented bro! btw i hope SG friends wont hate me but i prefer malay style bak ku teh 
doing great bro you just joined us in the wyvern den?
Yoyo. Love your nickname pal hahahaha
I was going HAM on URF with xin zhao had so much fun infinitely diving in haha
hahaha sounds like your parents are against it. I used to get paranoid of getting caught when i was 16 but luckily when i hit 18 they stopped caring
HAHHA is ur username ur real name ?
sorry guys i feel like ive turned this into a stoner chat lmao
Fun fact they are but they also pay for my brothers weed and he smokes every 2 hours... medical reasons are a great excuse Im just an espresso depresso lmfao
no worries love to have a stoner sess talk
all good bro! i only smoked a few times in my life before but i have tried DMT which is supposed to be hardcore according to my friends
I think theres more participation than complaining you gucci hahaha
Thanks bro hahaha. Youve tried bak ku teh before? Taste very good right? I just ate it on Tuesday. Damn nice
whats up wyverns fam how yall doing ?
Yep I hate that so much when people just care about that and only talk about floor sweeping. Thats a major red flag for me 
oh nah we vibin needed another stoner
Battle Factions IMX. Ive got their whitelisted. Just need to wait their announcement
Extreme red flag every other project Ive been part when they start to talk about floor Ik its going downhill from there
damnnn ive always wanted to tried furthest ive gone is shrooms in that stuff. leonardodabitchi Chrisb960 in that case lfg 
i have it very often! there is a malay bak ku teh place in Hong Kong owned by malays so good!
i swear weed just brings everyone together. still cant believe its illegal in some places blows my mind
when was the last time yall smoke!
psychedelics really is very different i used it for the medical value though i have depression and anxiety  it helpe me a lot
Yessir many project can overcome that but it all depends
yeah so much stigma but they starting to legalize it more
Focus too much on your baseline and you cant journey into the future unknown
month ago due to health reasons haha but before that every damn day
yeah and people are in jail for it crazy. weed deff lets me see how people move and their vibes
im good! howre you friend. are you new to the Wyverns den?
Damn you make that up on your own ?
yeh man shrooms are soooo therapeutic fam i wanna try microdose
WAGMI! Lets grind together family and all get WL!! Great community keep it up everyone
I thought it was kinda clever so please dont be sarcasm T.T haha
Nah no sarcasm here lol sorry if it came out that way
yeh defs making progress happy to see
yeah agree. im loving this community the moment i got in. its different here
For the new comers who are curious about WL  just try to be helpful show off your art and keep an eye out on giveaway theres still plenty of WL spots left
Why are there 3 different chats?
yea i wanna do regular microdose as well. you should check out on youtube michael pollen  a very knowledgeble professor on this topic
i once took shroom and almost passed out at the register at wendys xd
Yeah you are so right! we are a different breed here
Because even with slow mode it moves too fast for one chat
yeah we the wyverns fam flying to the moon bro 
Lol alright anyways GN bro and GN everyone in cave 2 enjoy the rest of your nights
goodnight bro! have a good rest see you in a few hours
The spread the load! It can be super overwhelming when there are a lot of people typing in the same chat!
I see. People must be spamming chat like crazy
Have a good nite rest catch u later sleepingpepe
the grind is real here. glad to be part of this community 
first time taking shrooms i was at the snow with one of my homies. we went to this place for food and on our way to the registor we just burst into laughter and had to get out of there was so funny haha
No grind just love the community! And this amazing project
hahaha should do it at a comfotable place like home!
Man I joined this morning before work there wasnt anything here practically then my phone wouldnt stop buzzin on my motorcycle this community just exploded
bro do it you guys will probs connect on a whole new level. also you gotta be around good vibes so that sounds perfect g
me and my boys got hungry LOOOL
yeah true but i rather do it in the woods in a cabin not there a lot
ok thanks ill defs check him out 
My bro once just gave me a chocolate and told me to eat it... Sadly I didnt feel anything too micro of a microdose
lmfao mans got some balls ill tell ya id skitz it hard
hahha okok understandable  gotta feed the inner beast
yeah thats kinda true haha am used to this term grinding lol but actually were having fun talking to the community 
ahh damn im surprised with the amount of people that actually microdose and you just dont know it
yea super cool  also the Fantastic Fungi on Netflix very vert cool
If you guys have any issues with the discord make sure you raise a ticket in the open a ticket channel please do not DM any of the mods as you will be breaking the rules 
Just joined. Need to dig deeper to understand more about the porject
for sure weve been vibinggg in here image0
Thats the way! Diamond hands only here! Fam 
This project is getting very cool
haha what have you watched bro?
watched way too many horror movies
Check out announcements and roadmap the website is coming soon
like 90 of horror movies haha im a major horror junkie
Sorry late response yeah they can if the devs team is really good
lmaoooo bro thats how my best friend is haha
bro i love them too. shutter being one of my fav
this is funny ive actually been way more active since they disabled xp the vibes are so much better i feel
damn..... what happened to mekaverse... what went wrong do you think ?
Yessir hoping nothing but the best for this project. Anyways nice talking to you bro hopefully we can talk some more tomorrow. Gonna get some sleep now lol tired GN
shutter is so crazy had to watch it a second time after seeing the ending changes your whole perspective
too similar right? and that rumour about the team giving away the rares to theif friends
Anyone know the best place to sell avax nfts
im adding u as a friend btw we been talking too long for me not too lol
meka been dying i was never a fan anyways
i heard that consumers found out about which traits were rare and every body got scared and sold 
yea yea thats why i loved it so good. and then i also like skeleton key another horro with a crazy twist
Was about to say that too hha. Im going to bed too 330 am here and gotta wake up early. Lets try to keep in touch bro and good night 
im getting bored someone can talk to me
Yeah couldnt tell one from the other  FUD around the owners etc. got to like 8th pre reveal.
Andrew27 Space Apes lets do this brother ! to the moon
No problem and also faqs and ask me if you need anything else and Ill see I can answer it 
oh man... i feel sorry for those guys that bought at the top...
Bruh if I wasnt so sleepy I would be down haha but im tired af rn
For everyone new here there are three caves for people to have the chance to talk and interact with the wider community !
Because we arent sitting here chatting just to get XP were doing it cause this community rocks... or at least you guys do I cant speak for cave 1 and 3 hahaha
i gotta watch that havent gotten around to it but if you recomend it should be good
Yes and all around the universe 
Wait is that a different Enuft?
haha major vibe ser i havent even checked cave 1 or 3 for a while ive devoted myself to cave 2
loving this community more and more. cant wait for the launch
This project is great. will go up
Faxxxxxx bruh I for some reason chose cave 2 as my first and its all i need
yes sir were in here for the vibes
im fine but my english is a bit poor
Community really good so far and the art. Also never forget the team behind it really great
yeh haha same here. this is my chat now everyone dope here so far
yeah its love we have here wyverns fam !
hey man its alright were just here to chill and have fun. no need to worry aobut it. where you from?
Do you know them? I just know theyve been handling this growth super well so far lol
came for the art staying for the communtiy
hey this community is very cool
im like full but i wanna eat haha weird vibes i know you peeps can relate
Nope but for the way they are handling this project I know there is a good team behind it. I have been in a free projs already to know which team is doing well and which one is not 
Thanks bro Im from India. U form
i get that a lot  in cantonese we say mouth itchy hahahah
Honestly being new to ETH I hope they go up on immutable x so I only have to gas in and out of the site lmao
and acfc big facts man! love the community now
hey bro welcome man im from Hong Kong. what time is it in india now?
no but im understand ur english
Man I gotta go to bed and im here talking with you guys haha you guys are great
not that u asked but its 330am in nyc
quite accurate right? so do you have some small snacks at home to cure the itch?
yaha to 1 oclock and how long have you been
I havent slept in like 36 hours and I spent 13 of those driving but you guys make sure Im not even sleepy
oh right! quite late already! its 330pm here in Hogn Kong. literally the other wise of the world 12  hours apart!
yeh i do but its almost dinner time so gonna wait it out
Stay safe driving please image0
yes haha crazy at least its day time for u haha
I do my best just dont tell amazon cause I need my job LOL
ive been here since the beginning of the day! which part of india are you from?
goodafternoon from the philippines
Well guys my pleasure getting to know yall and discovering this NFT see you all tomorrow and good night Cave 2 
good afternoon bro  malaysia here
yea maybe just do that. i.m having some massive steak cravings lol
damnnnn g make sure youre ok tho! hope youre all g to drive. take a nap if you need fren
damn i havent had a good steak in a minute now. think i got some left over itialian
yea thats true. you gotta make sure you get som rest too dont burn out my friend
Im drinking and eating some mash tatters and pork chops my satisfaction has overwhelmed sleepiness
yeah ur right i deff gotta drink water. ill wake up so tired and not being able to do this tmor if i dont rest also had work today too so been up pretty early
For anyone that is wondering if WL is filled please check under the server stats and you will be able to see how many WL spots are left
nice ive always wanted to go to india to visit. maybe one day!
Yuuuup only been a couple months so far but its pretty decent
u like it? dont they drug test haha or am i buggin
boarders opening up  covid cases rising  not looking good mate
go today never your food oh it will be fun
water and weed the best combo g
YESSSSS lol. my gf tells me i drink too much water. never too much water bro
BEST PART! I got clean for the job application test.... But they dont test for weed in Cali unless youre a DOT licensed driver like the fedex trucks and all that
there arent problems that a good steak cant solve.... for me anyway haha
water legit the healthiest thing on this planet apart from air haha
oh wow its lit in cali bro nyc soon next up i believe
then you should definitely at least get some sleep!
here also in the philippines even if its night its super hot haha
yeh bro 100 steak can turn a a shit day to a great day
oh sad to know that luckily philippines is slowly getting back to normal. hope pandemic will end so soon
i love my steak well done how about u guys?
i drink water with any meal. she thinks thats weird too haha. she says especially with chinese food you need a soda. im good with my water tho lol
hahaha exactly i cant cook to save my own life but i can cook up a good steak 
hahahahaha the eternal dilemma of NFT land lol
You know what else does? You guys. My bluetooth flew off my helmet on the freeway today goodbye music. I encountered my first Karen IRL she called the sheriff on me over a rock... But yall making me not care what happened before haha
Please make sure you get some sleep 2 hours at least. Avoid those micro sleep when driving
im more of a medium rare kinda guy myself
for sure I know many like it medium rare
ha right now covid has subsided If you stay for a few days then Kovind will be over.
hahaha broo we got you karens are everywhere these days cant let them faze you ik how crazy they can be tho dont worry haha. Wyvern fam for lyf
Fews more hours till work ends hehe
when my friend told me time in NFT land is a lot faster i didint believe him but YES it is lol
water tastes amazing after a meal i can down like 23 glasses i swear
but when i come back to HK I gotta quarantine for 21 days... i think i might go crazy.....
yes time flies wayyyy too fast in this space
dont mind that too ngl. most of the time i ask for medium rare it comes medium well haha
for sure i might plan to pull an all nighter once again image0
Dont gotta work tomorrow so the only driving I have to do is maybe take my bike to a shop to get my brake fluid changed lmao
i get full off of drinking water after every bite i eat lmaoo
so glad I came across this project today
So why have to come now come comfortably when it is over
yeh probs the most common answer haha
For those wondering about WL spots  there are still 2000 WL spots
interesting if i see too much pink ill get freaked out hahah
yomsssssssssssssssssssss omg again? u did it yesterday for this??
im addicted to the chat KEKWaddle
You know its bad when the husband is just like Yeah Im sorry you can go... Like how did you end up with that my guy? hahaha
yeh same thats why i save it for after i finish eating i sometimes make the mistake of drinking a full cup mid meal and then cant rly eat much more
yea things move within the blink of an eye
so far i have 1.1k quality convos with everyone here PESHeart
hahahahahaha id feel bad for the husband probs has to deal with that multiple times a day
yeah i gotta learn that but i just need to clean my palate before eating the same thing LOLL idk i just need too
haha i hear you but i just love when the steak is so soft and juicy
youre tell me sheesh feels like i been in this for a week and its been like 2 months now
Get yourself some of that sushi ginger and take a chomp when you need a cleanse lol
ha right Well at what rank are you?
omg thats so muchhhh... i only have 400 lol damnnnnnnn
Chrisb960 nah bro im good on that lol ill stick to my water haha
Like what did they go on a date and she went all karen on a waiter and it got him hard? lmaoooo
i have no idea bro i dont check plus the XP is turned off for now... im just vibing here
thanks got it from sneakpeek you should check them out theyre sooo dope so far
facts im just vibing here rn as well KEKWaddle
yea its hard to just walk away from conversations
for sure sumtimes the convos make me so engaged i forget about the time
For those wondering on how to check rank just head over to the verify channel and type in !rank
hahaha yea it happens a lot. but i only enjoy it in those chats without levleign requirements
Lol I thought you where driving a 2 tone truck about to kills a whole town 
dont knock it till you try it haha
for sure ! the team do be providing us with many opportunities
yea its actually better cos you dont have people who are just chatting to level  you can feel it
lmaooooo what a guy u not wrong
4.5 but its more like a mom van with custom upgrades lmao
Just a reminder that XP has been turned off so if youre not seeing your rank go up its because they have turned off any XP gain when messaging
yeah i said this earlier doesnt feel like a chore
I am asking your level pay rank You have to come in the rank of 200
my name is Sandy nice to meet u alex image0
certains u cant do it once tho lmao
Just a reminder that if you have any issues with the current discord you can raise a ticket instead of DMing the MODs 
hi sandy nice to meet you where are you from?
im gonna need to take a break from discord soon feeling the start of a headache forming haha having too much of a good time here in cave 2
im from the US where are u from?
im from Hong Kong! but i lived in sydney for 8 years. where about in the states?
oh wait bensonhurst? ami  that tired lmfaooo
Good night lovely wyverns gonna sleep now
Wtf when did they change og roles? I got in at 600 and thought I missed it?
All my real freind tell me to shut up about NFTS looking for some like minded NFT buddies. Here is my twitter page. httpstwitter.comsteve72224907?t8lR4btCd6BnAVr6OGI78ws09
Non Fungible Gentlemen steve72224907
nyc ! nice nice traveled to hong kong for?
most sydney people are nice lol
so far so good bought some fishing gear waiting for the weather to get nice so i can go fishing. how bout you g?
So....is enuft just hopping in with generic advice every now and then to try and get on the WL? lol
nice! big NYC ive been and i loved it
yeh until you get to the rich side near bondi they can be very judgmental haha but other than that sydney ppl are a vibe
Yoooo I havent gone fishing in years love it
niceee i would like to travel around too
im in HK for good for now because of work. are you studying?
For new members please remember to follow Twitter and announcements. Make sure you dont miss any chance to get a whitelist! Please also follow the official Twitter there are also activities on Twitter from time to time that will allow you to get a whitelist! Now there are several parties who can get the whitelist create and chat. . The most important thing is to chat normally answer the questions of group friends and have the opportunity to get a whitelist! Come on everyone
yes i gotta agree with you on that hahaha the judgmental part
ooo i see nope i recently just graduated
yeh man its so nice and calming
man hopefully can be green gang gang soon! 
nice! congrats! its an achievement !
nice so much activity its 4pm here in the philippines and the weather is kinda good
i said hi in the other chats as well 
Just a FYI feel free to check out the other caves as it is a better chance to have more better convos with people instead of having one reply and then losing it right after 
and are you working now or NFT full time?
welcome ser you came to the right cave
yoooo  nice i see everyone is axtive in all caves 
ignore those chats cave 2 best cave
Time to go put in suggestions that we need a 3 cave mechanic for holders LOL
awesome 7pm out here in australia weather is literally on and off when i woke up it was sunny and hot then 2 hours later it was rainy and cloudy now sunny but cold with winds haha
yomsssssssssssssssssssss GBMM yo LFG LFG How you doin
hard to keep a convo in all  am i late to this project??
hey welcome ! keep an eye out for giveaways  there are periodic giveaways!
cave 2 is kinda lit tho he is right i personally like the vibes in here even tho im all over
yeh haha what can you do tho those people are in every town just gotta ignore them haha
Hey Welcome to the community ! If you have any questions please let me know  Feel free to also chat to other people in the other caves
thecave2  the best cave dont forget that
hey Dachshundwizard  Twitch   ive just been chilling in here for awhile with everyone
you can also find out more aboubt the project on faqs
tired for sure wbu hows it going?
Floppindix69 dont think ur late
good fam fam bouta take a break and grab some dinner. hows everything on your end?
Ill be honest I checked the others to see if enuft was posting in there too saw you chatting and maybe felt just a tiny bit betrayed LMFAO
i wanna try and get WL here and help with the community as well
LMFAOOOO im dead everyywhere bro the timer be blowin mine so i gotta go somewhere to kill some seconds it kinda be wack in other caves ngl
ight guys gonna have some dinner talk to you guys bit later image0
WL like.... literally just got started lmao you have plenty of chances
hiii again ! they also made a thecave3 KEKWaddle
GBMM enjoy dinner man!! if im not on when u get back i went to sleep and will talk to u soon!
For anyone that has just recently joined the discord and are curious about WL 
 There are still 2000 spots remaining you can check under the server stats tab 
 Be helpful share art or check out giveaways to have a chance of being on the WL 
Thank you for joining this community !
Take a look at whitelistinfo and faqs if you just got here and hopped right in chat
Thanks for all your advice and help so far guys  great community love you guys
yeah i read through  i dont wann abe asking the same quesitons over and voer
wow the weather is nice cuddle weather so love to sleep haha. how was australia in coping up with covid?
Why mess with the chill vibes I say? Too long of a day to keep hopping around Im antisocial as it is hahaha.... for XP though? maybe I will another day
Hey Swords114 yeah they got a way to go but certainly looking on the right path doing similar things 
Shhhh I gotta at least be nice dont judge me
hahaha all good bro do what u gotta do i just be bored sometimes
covid is rampant everywhere but we just have to move on and lfg eat
No worries brother if so goodnight !
Im mean like I said look at the dates on there literally just started. Everyone has questions feel free to ask away
yea i just ignore them thats the only way lol dont let them have their day
yeah true thanks anyways do appreicate it maybe i can help other people next time too
Haha yeh Australia is interesting some states are doing well but im in VIC and we aehaving like 1600 cases a day. Pretty crazy
Ill probably be in VR or passed out by the time you get back too have a good one!
How are my cave 2 friends doing? I didnt end up going to bed KEKW
yea its not easy going to bed in NFT land lol
wow hope it will lessen soon. lucky that philippines is hoing back to normal slowly
lived in sydney for 8 years but now in HK
If that aint the truth for me its late night but I swear the best mints come out around these times
Chrisb960 was good chatting to you bro take care! Speak soon hopefully
bye guys going to spend time with the family mad Love From Sydney Australia
working bro.... trying to make ends meet...
yooooo you got WL i didnt see it earlier congrats brotha!
LOL I didnt realize either until I got dmed
hahahahaha what i swear ive slept at least 25 less afte i got into NFTs
wow gg for the WL how did you managed ?
yes mate hope everything will be back to normal. pandemic sucks
wow so many aussies where the SEA people at
yea yea also trying to get more liquidity for my addictions..... being NFTs hahahah
was thinking about the discord  huh? probably woulda happeend to me too lol
Everyone please check out roadmap just updated
partake and get involved w the community and youll make it
ahahah same bro NFTs cant stay out of my mind.
Nice pfp btw is it rogue society ?
I guess seems a lot but its night time USA  
yea i swear its an addiction hahaha well the good ones anyway like wyvern
Basically nfts have made me nocturnal and its not even close to the time I usually fall asleep  i wanted to try to sleep early today but not gonna end up happening laughing
thank you! yeah I minted it a while ago floor price has dropped so much though
damn man you aint going to bed?
Who needs sleep when you can have the MONEY
Hahah what time is it for you dude? Even I slept at 5 am last night for me.. that is the power of NFTs! I cant even go to sleep honestly.
Swords114 I heard there was bad hail down your way! saw it on the news hope all good
awesome city. people so well dressed there
Is there a difference between caves?
I mean I wish fact I havent made a cent yet hahaha Im losing sleep for no returns
Bro Im from tas no way youre from aus
Were the coolest cave thats all nbd
Wow they gave so much WL in giveaway while I was sleeping CryingMan
haha yeh walk through the city and i feel like im within a fashion show.
Chrisb960 yup these the best hours 
Muiz its like 115am for me and im lucky cause i live on the westcoast so I can pretty much be active most of the day when it comes to public mints and what not
yea some guys BMW M5 whos bullish on polkadot has dents all over. Guess his polkadot dip will pay off his fix. I hate polkadot lol
yea its so awesome. people say melb is the london of australia
Hahah well Cosmic Wyverns doesnt have a public mint correct? Its 100 to the community?
na i jsut bought a merc earlier. Cant downgrade yet
Divine justice gotta polkadot car now 
Yes sir! I love their decision to remove the XP honestly for 24 hours because they know that many people are about to join as well so they want to prevent just spam!
I think its great similar to kaijus which absolutely mooned
welcome to cave 2! if you look deep enough there is a drug cartel going on
glad to have met u bro! hope we can continue to build
ah nice pepe seems to do everything tbh
gm all! lovely to see so many names here
yeah i really like the xp removal because it really shows you whos here for the community and whos just grinding 656884642649079839
hahahah the xp removal was for us peeps
hows tas? dont hear that much from down there.
Exactly! Im sure the mods team is watching as well chilling with us to see ho were the grinders and who are the people that are actually just chilling Love to see it!
Exactly! This is real interaction not gimme dat whitelist fast fingies
went to the shop to get some cornaflakes
Heyyy Memelord !!! good to see u again
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 19 hours left so have a proper conversion stop spamming!
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  theyre always happening so youve got a very good chance 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
Huh? how so you lost me there lmao
The one and only! NFGENTLEMAN   ty man
The one and only one memelord ! I like ur memes
Thx bro i like u! acfc  awesome man doing well 
the project is interesting we will observe
I like how the admin has said that the giveaway is very good chance but the maths say that maybe 0.03 of people can get it each time. 
thats good to hear man. is it morning over your side?
Get some rest man and stay hydrated
staying hydrated maybe not some rest rn
I just woke up man  u been here for a while
yeah man we grow so fast that we need 3 caves haha its like we get 5k members a day
I like u too where is hip thrust gang
GNaga  WYVERN  basically haha yktv
Yea im from austria europe its early here  Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend  not sure man wherethe gang is 
engaging with you guys is life image0
thats 5k members everyday without shilling!
Yes connecting with ppl here is a new hobby
Left 2 of us the OG man sad 861687609490276382
I think i saw u here alot  Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend  ye man just me and u!
For sure! Ive been here for awhile connecting with new peeps
Thats 5000 members finding about the project either from friends or from Youtube etc and honestly expect us to have 20000 in 78 days!
yeah I just realise here reduce to 30sec man
wbandana To All New comers!!. Devs will NEVER DM you for anything! if you receive a DM claiming to be from Cosmic Wyverns it is a scam! please block and report STAY VIGILANT  image0
Yea finally man 1 minute was so long
you know what they say organic is the best LFG
Yeh man legit so bad. Cant wait to look back at it like it was ages ago
haha i been in here for a few hours
great bro engaging with the community is very fun.
Thats good man  Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend  ye loo was so much
Hey you said it was dinnertime Mr.!
30 sec can reply many ppl and have a good conversatioon nice
So anyone have any fun plans for the weekend?
ah my lady has risen from her slumber
Sorry the wait have you been down at tas?
yeahh talk about gwei now gas fees still high?
Damn I got distracted looking at the memes and you ate a whole ass meal... stares at my leftover subway
stay on here all day man lol wbu bro
Bruh I wish I had subway soooo good
Some people eat very fast dude..  Ive eaten a large pizza in 6 minutes time and I didnt even know that I ate it so fast!
hahahhaha she went back to sleep rip welcome backmy friend but just means have to type quieter now
Gas too high until cant do many stuff damn
subway is mad good had it 2 days ago for lunch
thats sounds relaxing and relieving af i need to go out one soon. Im probably gonna try to kick it with some of my friends but might go out to SF for a party on halloween  BladeBK24
Holy mother of.... Im a twig I wish I could eat like that and gain some human
Just joined exploring the caves 
I wish is low so I can do some transaction 
i love wyverns more than dragons now
ooooh halloween party sounds fun!
Hahaha gotta put a silencer on those fingers
Hahaha well Im far from a twig.. but I do eat fast! Hahah. Born this way!
nice bro hope u enjoy it and deff be safe
Fk gas man really November is tough month for NFT
has it always been?i im new to NFTs
She wakes up again to see BladeBK24 with condoms on his fingers to lessen the noise LMFAOOOO
Im a big Football fan dude for 11 years now! Chelsea fan here. Which team do you support?
Zmilez yeah we have to spend 0.13 for the BearX now 
Brother same Im a Chelsea supporter
ty man! i have the uber and lyft app on standby salute
Nothing wrong with that! Born this way is pure self love that everyone needs
Hahaha what luck! How you feeling about our current season? Do you think well win the EPL?
nothing good to mint now. Only wyverns
can I get scammed and get compensate
I dont know I want them to win but itll be a tight one with Liverpool
I see youre in Evo Snails and Furballs they are good project though kind ser!
When you diamond hand just cause you dont wanna pay gas
yea but not WL haha. I missed cutr off for evo and furballs i gave up
I gonna mint 30 and ask for compensate
yea im seeing some good ones not sell out beacsue of gas
Really? Is gas that big a factor dude?
Yeah gas is killing projects now
Gas is just insane rn anything Ive done to just check gas fees is like... already doubling mint cost half the time
hey do u find where the emoji come 
Wyvern from tweets looks sick! check it out 
what coumtry are you from guys?
ohhh Im gonnna join that server for that nice emoji 
I wanna move .03 eth out my wallet but it costs me .04.05 eth just to do that you tell me LOL
Hey brother nice to see u here 
Yes bro 777  SARKAR yooo man whats up
Cool which the space apes grow like cyber kongz
Hahah I get that but then you see that the project is that good that you then dont care about that money going out right because you know the value of it going to be so much higher. That is how I think really.
yea its almost stupid.... paying that much money for nothing
 XP gain is disabled for 24 hours! Around 19 hours left so Genuine conversions and helping other fellow newcomers will certainly increase your chances of whitelist
  The mint is 0.05eth  gas more info in faqs 
 There are still 25003000 WL spots available youre still early! 
 Keep an eye on giveaways  it happens frequently and spontaneously so be active and keep an eye out! 
 There are a few different ways to get whitelist stay active  checkout whitelistinfo 
 Cosmic Wyverns is 100 presale so youll be rewarded for being a strong community member
 try your luck in memes fanart for another shot at whitelist 
 Good luck! All and remember have fun
I got a question for all yall Whats the biggest profit youve made at once?
M fine bro enjoying the vibes here 
This project is looking promising 
Believe like we believe ur memes
roles are given out in cave 1 so quick sheesh
Exactly why Im sitting here I feel like this one is definitely worth that extra investment
Yea same man hope i can make wl Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend  thx man  
U can make WL ! I sense u are soon
We gotta start a change.org petition to get the mods and admins to watch over cave 2 our personal guardian angels
U 2 man  777  SARKAR  thx man u2 we gonna make it 
Brother the mods are watching but choosing carefully
they deff are watching bro dont worry lol i have faith
Cave 2 gives us a chance to get to know each other Ive been having too much fun here to go anywhere else
Yeah! The same happened with my Alpacadabraz the gas was too high because some heavy hitters were minting a lot and I couldnt find any way to get it at low fast but I still went for it because I know that its going to be a genuinely great project in the future.
The cave 1 is actually going so fast you cant properly read every comment !
0.05th youcan read more at faqs
Still early u nid work hard more XD
yeah true but its sometimes managable haha
dont worry our eyes are everywhere 
wyverns can go to space. I love it
congrats on those who make it finally!!
Its basically freee especially when wl and gas is low
If I get waitlist Im buying more eth instantly lmao
oh boy you guys really are always watching
to accomodate more cave Wyverns... was just 1 when we started
wondering the same thing lol what the difference between the 3
for those who love to chat because 30 secs slowmode is killing my itch to type
861687609490276382  lets thrust until we get WL
100 man some projects atm are charging ridiculous prices
so we can engage in conversations !
Omg our great leader actually replied to me? I feel so honored I could combust and grow scales instead of skin and wings instead of arms
yeah thats good idea i like how so many people want to chat
Yea man! I need to join u  Cincai 861687609490276382 9025pepelick  thats the gwei
gg to all new people that get WL
I love the way we are given a day off today... A well caring  Wyvern Master we have...
You shouldnt have to consider it a day off honestly arent you here to be part of the community anyways? XP shouldnt change that lol
Hii mate congrats on ur WL spot 
admins really are watching tonight lol
too many people  so spread people up to have better convo
i thought we just flying round the globe but i forgot we cosmic yall
OH WOW Congrats Sandy! very happy for you!
Alright Blade its up to you. Youre in all the caves which tunnel should I follow to branch out?
Thats why i am still here... but just checks in to check out on fellow Wyverns... But yea.. being with fam and taking a break to RL
Hahahha yeah bro u the meme king
In a weird way NFTs have fixed some of my broken relationships with my bro and dad as we all are trying to invest lol
hey thats great to hear man it unites us in more ways than we know
a lot of people want me to teach em nfts now like they never talked to me before ppl raelly wanna use u when u winiing haha
hey thank you so much ! Ive stayed up for 20 hours straight or so and have been engaging with you guys! I will continue on doing so image0
Nothing much bro! Im just chilling right now. Whatd I miss so far in the chat? Anything interesting happening?
How is everyone? whos super excited for this project I know I am
Good my man! Haha how about yourself? Man this slow mode is a killer! 
hahaha thats what i mean well deserved!
Theyre the ones making thousands they got in earlier than me lmao so I guess Im the one using them D
haha need WL for good projects. Thats for sure
lol its okay its all apart of the grind. 
thats a dedication right there! Well deserved
Deserved  u were on demon mode 
You still gotta let me know which cave I should run to to save myself from the slow mode bro
hahahaha nah not if u were still riding w them before the fact? i told u 3 brooo haha
Guys dont worry just in a matter of time. If you keep this vibe going. You will be rewarded. But dont forget that we are all winner here no matter what happen
Ima be on demon mode too. I gotta grind!!!
Oh shit I see it now hahaha I didnt notice cause it was the only time we didnt reply or  each other hahaha
is there a difference between caves chat ?
Is there a roadmap for this project?
tysm everyone ! appreciate u guys Im sending goodlucks to those who have engaged in quality convos here PESHeart
na just for people to chat more because lots of slow mode in between chats haha
Been here since 500 I just got run out of luck and missed the OG role but all in all. I love the spirit here the positivity is amazing
thanks yoms! im taking that luck from you unapologetically hahahaha
yes compared to cave 1 for sureeee
Most of the time once I type out my message I only have to wait a few more seconds but talking to multiple people can be a pain
being helpful in chat thats what im into atm
absolutely can actually talk lol
Chillin in the cave going out for some golf later and you ? 
good today I just woke up and you ?
might just have to continue this grind tomorrow
slept well? ready for another big NFT day?
just shaking off sleep grabbing some coffee. came to see everyone chillin in the cave
We werent supposed to grind today though 
So whats so good about cave 2 compared to the other caves? I know theres no difference but what are your reasons to talk in here  not the others?
damnn u calling it quits? Isnt it like 5 am for u? KEKW
dunno im just used to talk here more than cave 1 hhahaa
im just sad that i didnt get into this group earlier...
fine bro just got home from work
hahaha lets goooo! good to hear youre ready
be careful of any DMs saying wyverns ready to mint. Newbie collectors fall for that but you guys are better than that. announcements has a warning bout it too
about to beeeeee but watch me still be here
Lol I guess its just based on preference huh
hello admin anastasia. Found out about this project and im reeled in immediately Glad to see admins active too
theres still a lot of WL spots though like 2700 left! you can do it 
Dont click on any links people!
new announcements check it out! dont buy in fake OS
Check announcements team! Dont be fooled by scammers
mekaverse dip to no tomorrow. Dont get sucked in buying the hype
gotta watch for the scammers out there. they never give up
Thanks mate raffled it didnt buy the hype hehe 
Hello! beautiful place you guys have here already
ur crazy i was gonna do the same thing yesterday and pull an all nighter then go to work but ended up getting like 24 hours of sleep
So does anyone know if were going to do a stealth launch or no
yea my blocklist is getting bigger everyday
u leave cave 2 for a second and admin comes in lmao
Thats what I did! I thought for sure Id pass out soon as I got home but now Im here
its a way longer list than my friends list...welp just made myself sad lol
its ayt man just the usual do shit and leave lol
nah u deff needed that sleep bro!! i got no work tmor thats why im chillin lol
true hype are for very short term
Yeah you need to sleep guys! WL will come 
Hey gm everyone! Needed some sleep after that long day grinding yesterday haha
cave 1 is crazy. Cant read the caht at all. You guys may think cave 1 is where admins check for activity but that aint the case. Be active and helpful and snipe at any questions you can
Haha I tried to raffle but missed out on it  but its all good
I know! I was like woooooow hahaha
sup gator check out announcement board xp halted form 24 hrs at 10pm last night
they wathcing everywere my friend
KEKW at least you have us to talk to brotha
BladeBK24 oh yeah forsure needed it I work from home luckily so I was able to multi task most of the day and was able to come back to chat occasionally
yea dinner time for me. Back fro some quality chat soon
Now the level is not growing what to do?
Lets see you get a wyvern then  
This project looks awesome so you might be more lucky here anyways 
hello evverybody on discord search bar how can i find   everyone? what should i type to find the  everyone on discord search bar?
we got this bro! lets support each other!
oh wow must be nice to work from home shitttt what do u do if u dont mind me askin
Felt good lol.. I woke up planning on grinding the whole day in here to try for the wl but just seen the announcement of no xp day. Will be nice to spend the day with the family instead of on here but dang I wanted to use my weekend to get that wl spot haha
just enjoy the conversation and be helpful
Hi Anastasia your pfp is very cute
if it wasnt suppose to rain all day id be in the woods.
totally agree. Hype comes and goes very dangerous to base ur investments on that
u can still get the spot lol no xp doesnt mean they arent watching they added a bunch of people just nw lol
Faaaaaacts I received the honor of having our master reply to me I can now invest fully into new friendships. Speaking of hi Caleb! Wanna be my friend too? lmao
but good art long term vision and good community lasts
Hahaha thats good chill with us now!
community last long time for sure
Everyone please be aware of scammers and do not click on any links from DMS as well check the new updated announcements  !
oh ok awesome!! I guess I will spend my day in here then hahaha. I need this
Yeah I hope we both lucky enough to get it brother 
ayeeee finally in cave 2 and im loving it!!!
yep exactly ! and here we go cave 2 gang 
certainly not a bad way to spend the day either
See BladeBK24 ? Even the admins are always watching here cause they know cave 2 best cave
how are the cave 2 vibes going?
where are you from what rank are you in mate
yes needed to hear that motivation lol! yup im spending my weekend here before i got to go back to work as well
Chrisb960 haha all caves are chilllll
Did you stay up all night on here lol
damn sir you still here  always here huh
Im from Greece and I dont know what rank am I. Its currently disabled so it doesnt matter!
no i went to bed about 11 and one of the kids woke me up at 3 and i couldnt go back to sleep
Yea same here. You definitely motivated with telling me they just picked more people lol
Maaaaaan idk how youre doing all 3. By the time I type a message in one I feel like Ive lost all concept of whats going on in the one I just left
i help my homie run his business and store online most of the online stuff i handle like the webstore and the promotions but its pretty light compared to the money Ive made from nfts. Its just something to say I do as a job ya know instead of saying i have jpegs online worth thousandsKEKW
wooow hi an OGWhitelist visiting us!
Goodluck on the giveaways  everyone go react to the bot to enter  !! image0
Im fine.. how are you.. new here?
bump bump another one for wyvern gang good luck everybody
Literally like 3 people in cave 1 got WL a little bit ago dont worry about it and just have a good time D
Lol. Well at least you got something to do to pass the time.
Kata ofc always gotta be positive!
gl eveybody! hope cave 2 get the wl
Sure man! Ill send the request rn
BladeBK24 Will you rub my nipples with me for good luck? Ive got yours for ya
Yea dude Im totally not worried. I been enjoying myself in here these past couple days. Where you from?
yo its going good man how are you
WAGMI brothers and sisters! WAGMI! 
much better now i could actually get some sleep!
Had to leave chat 1 its moving so fast its insane! 
Sup.. did you having fun.. in our community?
Come and join giveaways goodluck my wyverm fam
haha yeah You should join the giveaway !
Cave 2 vibes seem at a better pace
Gator69 still have a lot left man! we good
Kata yes gotta share the positivity
caleb nah bro any income better than no imcome bro dont worry! i respect the hustle for sure
Im from the burning state of Cali home of way too much sun how about you?
thats awesome! going good myself man loving all the positiveness here
Everyone giveaways is happening.
Anyone from NZ here in lockdown? How are we
not bad! getting ready for hotpot do you know what it is ! hows your day?
damn i would like some hotpot man
starting to learn more about the project and im digging it
Oh yea there are a ton of spots left. I know we will get them if we stay in here just cant give up
oh hey bro! you know! its getting cold in HK so its perfect timing for hotpot!
Omo Im craving for hotpot too !!!!
GBMM Sorry but you have no choice. You have now been recruited into the cave 2 army alongside me and BladeBK24 . We will charge into cave 1 in the coming days and spread the gospel of our superior rock formation
Chrisb960 why cant we all be friends
any weather is good to have hotpot man  tasty !!!!
Tkx mate. Congrats on getting the WL already
Hi guys so happy to join this family
Kaiju kingz holder? Sheshh plus wyverm og WL. Mus be lucky rich
hell yeah man this project looks insane
It is a matter of rank I have to stay in the rank of 200
Doing alright having a chilled one this sat night
Always see the announcements  and join to giveaways .. for.. WL and read the roadmap.
I mean fair enough but crusading for a ridiculous cause is just so much fun
nah bro just in the right place at the right time trust me
hahahha yes yes thats the right attitude! where are you from bro?
dont worry too much bro mods will notice your conversations with people
is it really rank? if xp is turned off... hmmm seems like they care about the convo not rank..
Greate.. always join to giveaways
I started grinding and vibing today but been here since 500 members Idc if theres no exp for today. I just love vibing in here. Its the best
guys do you wanna listen joke about bear????
nice to see some other orange names in here also
hahaha in Hong Kong! im so happy so many people know what hotpot is!
we have a long journey ahead! im so excited
yes it is haha the main cave is crazy af cant have a decent convo there
Its not just that. Mods check your chat of there are any real conversation. Ppl who have higher rank are still not getting WL because they are just grinding randomly.
malaysia man  we chinese ppl here all are big fan of hotpot man
Actually no.. full of work... But its ok..
Yes it is there lets see. how is mine
Im waking up and i saw the giveaways hopefully i get to a be te lucky one
anyone here in college? Yall in person or online still?
how has everyones day been so far?
We gonna get that WL. Just be positive my man
hahahaha yes its the chinese peoples common language
hello sir have you had a look around
Honestly if I were picking Id much rather go with the people I hand select in a time like this than someone grinding.... Still invested but it just feels so forced when its because I gotta get in the top 200
welcome man! glad to have you here
Hello . Vibing great here. Thanks for asking. How about you?
Just going to bed and I saw your post good call
hope so must remain on course! 
Tell me why have they closed  mate
so u can have actual convos with people bro.. i know ive seen u ask and i know ive seen people tell u this same answer.
yes  it is the best  althought sometimes the cooking take awhile when youre hungry tho
its a chinese cuisine ! you have to work over weekend too? hang in there mate! 
Oh yeah they go fast good luck in the giveaway
I woke to use the bb and check my phone i was like cant miss it
Cancelling OpenSea listings costs a fortune if you have posted a bunch of marked down priced hahaha Ive learned a lot of expensive lessons lately
good work friend! where you from?
finally made it in here chatting with everyone as well. vibes are pretty dope in here
all newcomers make sure to check out announcements and faqs to stay up to date! 
hahahah absolutely ! are you chinese?
hi im back if anyone have any question just ask me happy to answer
I am new here.i know english too little And I want to talk too
Good thing bro. Involve in real conversation. You will make it .
hopefully everyonr dont have meaningless convo just for rank
Continue being the best community member here we will get rewarded soon but remember that we are all winner here no matter what happen
Language is not a problem. Just get talking to ppl. Everyone is supportive here.
Got out of lockdown 2 weeks ago
ive noticed that you can only lower price but anything else you have to delist and pay fees
Yes.. keep active and be helpful member..
yeah same man! nice to see so many aussies out there in this space!
yeah u can tell the difference between meaningless tho tbh
to be eligible for the giveaway we  must have atleast 10 messages right?
Thank bro What is that time of yours?
hahaha yes true thats why you gotta have some thin beef for quick cook 
Looked pretty crazy on the US news and stuff I saw on YouTube
yeah like those people who type yeah often and spam WAGMi
good luck everyone for the giveaways  stay active and positive lets goo
ohhhhhh yes sit that is true  this strips of beef with peanut sauce yummy
Whats the difference between chats?
If you win the giveaway do they send you a DM?
shiiiiet us aussies are taking over haha
Hey there. Are you watching the T20 world cup?
Well this community is very nft world
shoutout to all aussies here  lesss gooo gang!! goodluck with the giveaway!
Hiii! Nice role u got there HAHAHA Ill be part soon!
arrrrrgh stop it! now i cant even wait till dinner hahaha i want it now
Yeh bro you know Australia is one of the biggest crypto holders in the world I assume thats why theres so many popping up in the NFT world
Nah Im watching YouTube videos lol. I only watch nrl
You will get the WL. Your colour will change to green. They will collect the wallet later
i just migrated to aussie in April do I count as an aussie?? 
bro just go have dinner lol   or have a snack first
damn i was up so late im hungry now lmaooo
If anyones worried just look at this
thank you for the advice! will do! 
Lol ok thanks for the positivity!
Oh cool. Aussies like their cricket so just asked
Hello guyz why rank is not increasing ?
yea man! youre here in aus youre an aussie to us!
honestly i had no idea bro i thought somewhere like murica would have been
yea i be having the crazy munchies late at night xD
yea plus the hype  lots of spammers and bots
Ofcourse just be active and helpful member.. then try your luck at giveaways
Still early people!!! We got thisss
thats the worst man i aint rtyna gain all that weight sheesh
More positive vibes to you my friend
Was anyone here part of kaiju kings ?
xps is turned off no ranking but quality convo
Xp has been switched off. Please read the announcements
No problem.. we will notice us..
Xp is off for 24 hrs so everyone can chill
Alright!!! Cant wait to be whitelisted! This project is one Ill hold for long term plus art is amazing
Ohhh thats nice so how can we reach at top 200 ?
can i tag along? i lived in sydney for 8 years lol
Maybe not one of the most but 17 of Australia which is a decent amount of you ask me
ayy man i respect that self control!
Where are you guys from? Im from the Philippines 
thank you! i hope your work day ends soon so you can have some rest!
Check announcements team! Dont be fooled by scammers
Your right and im glad to be part of this community
So they closed the XP off because new people are joining and they dont want to encourage any spam conversations!
You just have to wait until its back on. Sadly its when Ill be offline again
we wont as it is currently turned off we just need to engage with one another here and hope they notice us which i know they will!
is it tru that australia got some big ass spiders??
Thanks fam!! Hope you get yours soon
Yeh we clearly know what we doing 
been living here for 11years havent seen one
Tell me how it feels to be green?
Thank you men.. i hope you win in.. giveaways
hello guys guys whats the name of the meme where 1 guy is like no and the same guy goes yes on an topdown format?
giveaways make sure to enter if you want that whitelist!
i can feel myself slowing down but im so addicated to discord smh hah
thanks! i hope im that lucky haha
what about big ass snakes coming out from the toilet. Ive seen videos LOOL
Check giveaway for WL RAFFLE  GOODLUCKCheck giveaway for WL RAFFLE  GOODLUCK
i can feel the warmth are you from melb too?
im from Sydney it feels like summer is here already!
yesssss! we still got a chance 
Feels great but still gotta appreciate the community for making this happen. Also props to the modsadmin for deciding who gets in.
yooo thats a fact food just be bussinnnn LOOL
to calm the chat down a bit haha you can come here to chill
congrats to you my friend! well done ! green looks fabulous on you
looking forward to summer the weather in melb is so emotional these days hows the weather in sydney?
Because were crowded right now bro.
everyone gonna type in all the caves
cave 1 is definitely more hectic though! chat is moving so fast
Wow this is moving fast! We are getting a lot of new joiners!
yeah man the rest arent so hectic
Wen is the next WL announcement
its been really nice and warm lately today the sun is in and out
Going back to sleep didnt woke up with luck see you guys in the morning
we dont know! we just gotta be patient!
This is growing really quickly D
thats the only time i cant control it
I cant wait to see some more gameplay videos looks so good!
hey man whats up cave 2 the best cave
Congrats to winners we will get it next time
thats for giveaway or activity recognition ?
Its just another channel to divert some traffic. Else the main cave will be filled with running messages which is happening right now haha
sometimes you just gotta enjoy yourself
we all just screaming the caves we in now? lol
thats how i get fat so u want me to be fat
congrats to the giveaway winners! greeeeeeen
Hey bro you still here! What is the time at uour place rn?
Lmao with all the good food in the world its hard not to get fat
AbsoluteZer0 congrats bro! been seeing u in here lol
hey i just want you to live your life to the fullest
Thank you my brother!! Your time will come soon fam.
Thank you bro im so happy right now
XP is off right now. Those who are grinding for the top 200 you can take a rest and spend time with family. Others can stay here and engage with the community. The mods will eventually notice you.
Only 820pm bro! Still early. What time is it in your country?
Supaicy ok ok valid reasons i understand now
lets goo absolutezero been seeing you grinding for a minute. happy for you!
thanks for the encouragement bro! appreciate it!
congratss for the WL happy for you
I think he was just asking Whats up as a greeting of sorts not about what is cave 2 as a whole. 
its motivation when people get added haha
Yeah brother many aussies in the chat
I thought i was gonna win the giveaway.. oh well maybe next time
Yeah bro i actually chillin and help the community for about a day
Its 5.20pm now. Its the time to prepare dinner. What u had for your dinner just now? Ill need some idea
its like rubbed in our faces and then our fingers start going wildddd haha 520 am for me so my brain tryna keep up w my fingers haha
Everyone please be aware of scammers and do not click on any links from DMS as well check the new updated announcements  !
Oh okay I misinterpreted it. Thanks for clarifying 
happy to be here the art is dope af
I saw a lot of Aussies at cave 2 bro
 I mean if you gym everyday youll be alright I guess
we all think man  but dont give up
i got a stress fracuture thanks for reminding me
Great to have you coming back bro! How long have you been in the community ?
good man thanks for asking how is tas dont hear much from down there?
I just came back to cave 2 and I have no idea whats going on.... yes get fat
Go get some sleep bro. So we can chat tomorrow when youre awake
Brother tas is amazing but dead af
All good! Even I got confused for a second reading that message.
Had some left over itialian was some spaghetti with this like red sauce but it had pieces of ham or something in it and was spicy I got no idea was delicious tho
the scenery looks nice i get told tas is like alabama haha 
What are guys the only ones to like a little more booty to hold at night? Nah fam girls want a handhold too hahahahaha
Brother I dont know about that but youre a funny one
Haha I seen u here hours ago. Its time to take some good rest
Good morning fellow cave 2 gang 
Oh damn g sorry to hear. Gyms have been closed for us in Melbourne haha Ive been missing workouts for a while
that means u been in here for hours too!
aight thanks for reassuring me bro!
Hah how long you been in the project for?
Ahmm i think about a day? Because yesterday i just started here.
Morning Kishu ser hows everything ?
Alright homies Im actually calling it a night Muiz BladeBK24 Chrisb960 Ill hit you guys up tomorrow 
Hows getting your freedom back feel
only kidding haha and why are they closed??
Good morning ser! How was your rest
Oh I love spicy food but Ill have to cook for toddler so I guess Ill just make regular pasta without the heat! Thanks for the idea bro
amazing. being the most lockdown city in the world aint no joke.
Good morning sir! Where are you from? Its about evening time for me haha 
AbsoluteZer0 nice! Whats the discord size when you joined this community?
Kishinev gang ! and make sure to check out all channel keep an eye on giveaways
Good night man get you some of that top tier beauty sleep
Thanks bro really greatful that im here with you.
its 5 in the morning for me too bouta knock out haha
Sounds good man! Hope you and the toddlers enjoy it  pasta always a safe option in my house hold
damn stilllll oh wow thats why the us has a higher rate yall still got stuff closed haha
Brother what did you even do for so long
cave 2 gang lyfe! Kishu knows where its at!
Yeah bro. I saw two mushrooms pfp earlier but I couldnt recall the names 
Bro we just started opening up retail and gyms but we still have 1600 new cases daily 
need to skip around caves to see whats happening
Wow you stayed up so late?! Im about to bring my wife out for dinner soon
nothing really if only i knew about NFTs earlier it wouldve been a much more productive lockdown.
About i been here when the discord server has only 4k  people.
Honestly at this point... as much as I want to be part of this project this community is worth it regardless of getting on WL
the gym is defff needed i started doing workouts at home tho and just been buying stuff. obviously stopped since my stress fracture
i know right very good community here
Honestly same just started my journey not to long ago
Yeah. Quick and easy. I used to love carbonara but Im trying to cut off carbs from my diet. The pasta is only for my family members
i think many of us are not that old into nft
Thanks bro you can also do it bro. Just be active and help the people thats one the key.
Haha hows the scene in other caves? Ive only been in cave 2
just chillin gaming with the boys and then hopped back in the discord to see whats up! wow youre such a great husband what yall about to eat??
Maybe I should check out other caves too!
You never leave the cave buddy?  Its nice to have time sit down and chatting
Cave 2 is actually a much better place than Cave 1 because Cave 1 is full of fast messages.  Really not easy to hold any kind of conversation there!
Damn I looked at cave 1 for a second but its moving way too fast for me lmao
Yeh Ive got some weights gotta start doing home workouts been doing lots of cardio
New here. And happy to be here! Hope you guys doing good GWcmeisterPeepoLove
Im currently trying to chat in all caves atm
Yea Im a bit scared of msgs that get too fast I cant keep up haha
A good bench will go a long way too
Id ask to help as Mod but already theres so many. LFG strong team!
gonna leave soon haha WLCC l Febe 
jump rope is what gave me the stress fracture GBMM
pretty hard trying to maintain a conversation in chat 1...
Yeah right. I love the it with lots of sauce and cheese 
only thing im missing is a bench lol
Okie lemme do that. Goodnight BladeBK24 ! Have a good rest !
Yeah Im trying to get notice by the mods but no rush Ill get it hopefully soon
Hahaha yeh I gotta cut out carbs man
never said i was leaving now haha acfc but damn yall wanna kick me out now haha
Me too.  i only can keep up if its with my pc
If you dont wanna go full gym bench a piano bench could be decent enough without costing too much
But carbs taste good. Its not easy to resist haha
i just barely have room in my room
heard that it takes 23 days being active...
Whats your guys PB in bench press
Hahaha we all want you to get some rest buddy
i agree im glad i dont love to eat bread like some ppl do. i like bread just not how ppl eat it in one sitting and just keep eating idk
Bread makes you fat?! Who knows the quote?
Looks like Im going to be in this server for 23 days
Yeah. Thats literally the first dish I learn to make. Other than fried eggs and hotdogs
Someone just got a tattoo of the cosmic wyverns in art contest lol
In France we always dip our bread in sauce so ... yikes man
people really just rep a cave haha
ya we do that in the us too lol but ppl still eat bread without sauce... think it comes down to preference man not just where ur from lol
wait guys im confused why i my name color is different it wasnt like this yesterday
stay longer for the community bro enjoy your time.
That would be my daughter. Lol. She love breads which I dont get it. Its just plain carbs  But I like cakes
Make sure you guys know! DONT BUY ANY COLLECTIONS ON OS THEYRE ALL FAKE
Im hoping so! Ive been way more active today and there isnt even XP today haha but its lead to way better convo so Im vibing hard !
Wow its has grown so much organically just by 1 day? Its insane man
Hahaha nooooo I thought you mean you wanted to rest 
Now a french dip makes so much more sense.... lol
Yea sir only good conversations now
im more of a sweet tooth person myself haha icecream cookies
Dont worry the mods will stil recognise you! Keep grinding WAGMI
Yea otherwise its too intense. Cause me to panic lol slower pace is better for me lol
Do you guys like Doritos and French onion dip
goodafternoon guys how was your day?
Nice! Been a while since I chilled with my boys due to covid restrictions. Im about to eat some Chinese food. Soup base
Okok I know sleep is for the weak
I just had some japanese food for dinner D
You were one of the first 500 in the server my guy
Yeah bro it doubled the numbers right now.
GBMM yeah bro they are watching us be active and help the people. 
oh man sounds good! where you from??
I dont like cookies but yes to ice creams and cakes. Especially cheesecake!
nah nah i need the sleep haha im about to go
make sure to report to scamalert if you guys spot any scams!! ITSLIT
Gotta respect the devs for advising folks to chill. People going nuts out here
Oh yeah I took a look while I was at work and people were going IN
guys im heading to bed! i need some rest to be able to come back and do this tomorrow! gn all it was really amazing getting to know some of you and i hope to meet more of you guys tomorrow!
I just missed out couple of text and decided to switch place.  cave 2 are great havent got chance to visit cave 3 yet
Dont forget to create memes and fanart guys we love to see em all!
me!! prawn and salmon are mhmmmmm
Gn Blade! Talk to you later cave 2 represent
What so special about eggs? Haha
yummy can i have some WLCC l Febe you can cook them any ways
Nice! I love jap food! Personally I find it tasty and healthy at the same time. Best of both worlds! 
AbsoluteZer0 did you see a big difference in the activities? The main cave is really busy man
Wait its possible to not like one punch man?
I watch em hahaha the lasst season tho... its so bad like why is there so little of saitama scene AHHH
Oh I love Chinese food with soup
For real?? I dont want you to say Im asking you to go 
Bro my favourite is the iconic salmon and avocado
Night brother! Was awesome chatting with you today. Keen to speak more tomorrow 
Im from Singapore sir! So we have a variety haha. Been a while since I head to town surprised to see many people
Hahaha the pace in cave 2 is just right for me ! Maybe Im not quick enough for cave 1
i think i was late didnt get any role till now haha. So this means im OG? nice hha thank you admin
have you tried chicken teriyaki? its a weird one but you should try it out!
Yeah Ill try it out when I go to sushi sushi again
Actually I just made 6 hard boiled eggs lol
cholestrol bro but go for it ahahahahaa
they have sushi sushi in tas? sickkkkk
Yeah man they are crowded but the thing is even if you grind somewhere else the devs keep watching us. Also you can join art and me if youre good about it
guys we have to be more carefull!!
 dont ever press any link from dm
 always see if the bot have check   in their profile to see if its a legit bot
 always use the official link FROM THE DISCORD CHANNEL
 buy a ledger or else you dont have to buy it but it is much safer if you have it
 some admin can be hacked too so always becarefull with some sus announcement
Yeah brother isnt like a iconic thing in Australia
Are all of the NFTs going to be animated?
Guess we are the same. Slow handed 
All my real freind tell me to shut up about NFTS looking for some like minded NFT buddies. Here is my twitter page. httpstwitter.comsteve72224907?t8lR4btCd6BnAVr6OGI78ws09
Non Fungible Gentlemen steve72224907
Boys whos down for a McDonalds run
I dont think that there are any tips other than just genuinely meet and help people as you chat lol
So it sounds like WL spots are hand picked by being active  helpful in the. community?
No worries brother anything as well
Its not for me  I dont really like eggs. But eggs doesnt seems related to cholesterol imo
just had a maccas run before burgers were a mess... as always.
woww!! were seeing alot of new blue ones ahhhh
What do you want from McDonalds
At this moment yeah. You can check whitelistinfo for more details on the various methods to get WL
Damn man thanks  WLCC l Febe I am not too sure abt that too man  just heard a lot of people say but everything in moderation I guess !!
GCB i dont think we have them in Australia
I miss the milkshake McD used to sell
Gives people a chance to spend time with their family instead of grinding xp in here all day
Boys I had kfc not too long ago and they forgot my wicked wings
Idk why but wicked wings sounds like a pizza hut item lmao
Ohhh sad to hear that but its pretty good  u can try it if there is any chance 
They gave the guys grinding for top 200 a day off to spend time with family and take some time for their mental health
Haha damn it its the weekend best time for me to grind with a fulltime job
Whats your kfc order Ill try and get it next time I go
Same but honestly Id rather get WL by just being me and helping people than forcing myself to grind for that top 200
Mmm I hear you! This is the most active Ive been so far but Im loving it Im having such awesome convos with people cause not everyone is just tryna level up
tyleeer wtf dude get some rest lmao catVibrate
Yeah people used to said egg yolk got lots of cholesterol. The best way is to keep everything in moderation. But you never get enough of sick nft 
its ok bro. a nice juicy wl will ease the pain for sure
Yeah man  I guess can eat the egg white as much as you want
Guys whats your favourite donut from krispy cream
Original glaze but like a dozen of them
Yeah. U doesnt see much people spamming around WGMI. It keeps the community better
I always order wrap in KFC  I love their wrap
Yeh I agree rly good for community to strengthen and grow naturally
Nice to see nft all changing to organic growth
Legend Jedi mind trick that shit
Strong community creats diamond hands
like my tattoo this is crazy!!!!!
singapore has so many delicious food  definitely a place that i need to travel to . Singapore restrictions on covid are really strict?
I think egg white and egg yolks are fine. I know someone who tries to eat 0 carbsday only consume eggs all day. But its not for me for sure 
I havent eat KFC for so longPepeHands
Yeah one egg a day I good for me man 
A good community keeps the project alive 
Agreed  diamond hands  strong project
Yes we gonna have that here Im sure
Actually me too hahaha I prefer McDonald
hahah I miss Msia used to go every year
Same  I used to visit Singapore last year
Are trees colour brown or green
Haha yeah and the good thing is is the restaurants and buildings are all packed together in one small island so it is very accessible. Yeah it is strict 2 person dine in now. But i think we have opened up our borders to some counties already
they have wedges?? I like the cheese fries hahaha
Hey ! Apa khabar where u staying 
Anyone here a producer so I can rap on yo beat
how come got 3 caves ah? Sorry Im new here
bro y u not liking the chicken there its so good bro
Oh my I love their cheese fries more thn wadges
Yah its so so good!! 619847304051949570
 guess youre not much a egg lover arent u?
Alright guys its late and Im sleep deprived Im gonna head out of here hahaha GBMM great meeting you and everyone else talk to you later hahaha
Brother who said he doesnt like chicken at kfc
Hahahaha I do like their chicken but I prefer McDonald
moderate egg lover !! GBMM where you from man
hi mate welcome have any questions?
But fried chicken from KFC is better than McD 
You too brother take it easy! Keen to speak when you get back
Too many people talking at once even with slow mode so they made 3 caves so we can spread out 
its just to help slow down chat so people can have a convo
Anyone like the new Facebook name
just woke up bright and early. gonna be a long day lots of halloween parties to go to
ahhh wah really a lot of ppl talking hahaha
its alright horrible logo though.
Hey bro Im staying in Kuching right now. How about u?
True but I don often eat fried chicken
Have u tried the double down!!! Its so good and makes me feel so fat afterwards after eating it hahahah
Australia brother! Im also a certified egg lover average 23 a day
Take a look at cave 1 and youll get a small taste of how fast lmao. But you should also go take a look at roadmap  whitelistinfo  and faqs  to get some good info about this project
yes read through them alr! quite excited
Haha forgive me bro. Im just joking. Where are u from!
Damn bro! Thats a lot but healthy
WLCC l Febe where in malaysia bro I from pj
Where you from man! And yeh I love eggs with toast and orange juice bro my favourite breakfast
META is just their company name right? Apps still same call Facebook
Alright gonna head to bed for real now lmao yall are great
Ahh hows everything over there ?
any questions for the newcomers? feel free to ask my anytime
i think they will soon replace the name with META  but we will still continue to call it FACEBOOK regardless after so many years they cant change us hahaha
Dev should have malaysia channel
Life sounds good we dont celebrate halloween here in my country but i wish we were its like so much fun we could have!
Do you guys have any good pick up lines?
Evening guys. Hows everyones Saturday going?
Hahaha you mean the chicken act as bun that? yeah thats good! i love their boneless chicken
pretty much like every other single day!
The application will remain as facebook but they have officially changed to Meta.
Reply good its about to hit Sunday in a few hours
Yea tbh META sounds like not social media 
Oh that means you are not born in KL. haha. working in KL?
Hello there! Dont forget to follow and support us on twitter 
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
Brooo how could you man kfc serves the best chicken just my opinion lol
Hey bro! Hows weather in Aus right now?
Yea so glad the cases getting lower
No way g thats crazy  small world
how was malaysia now mate in covid cases?
Oh I didnt know that youre from malaysia too! Im Sabahan but living in Kuching
nah its just kinda the same for me xd
Yeah we can actually go out now
ahahah honestly the chances of this happening 
thats good to know are you already vaccinated?
haha so many malaysian here just now there are lots of Aussies
Alright man. As long as we healthy and good everything else will be better
Bro I damn jam everyday I go work
Cases getting lower and we able to cross state now
i am! wbu! i think 90 of the malaysian are vaccinated l!
Yeah bro what you planning to have for dinner?
I see. Never been to that area before. Only visited Melbourne and Perth before
Yes like finally! I was stuck at home for 4 to 5 months
wow thats good to know buddy are you vaccinated?
yessss definitely! the jam is crazy man  wasted so much time sitting in the car
Curious if this chat is more manageable than the cave 1
Cave 2 is where the cool kids hang
nice good to know that i think here in the philippines its half of the country are vaccinated
I think I waste 1 hour a day in jam man
Should visit Gold Coast in Brisbane
Malaysia bro is KFC having spicy flavor chicken over there?
in my area we can go out but the local mcdonal limited the variety of the food we only have 1 type of buger atm 
i think soon it will be 100! then we will all be safe fromcovid !
Bro we having double down burger now man  you tried it?
Yea. Hoping to visit aus again after covid is over. Last time I went there was like 20 years ago. Hahaha
i miss melbourne T.T im happy they r opening their borders slowly!
nah we used to stopped for some reason.
Guys Ive read the whitelist info and everything. What would you say is the best way to get whitelisted? Is it literally just being genuine and interacting with everyone in the community then hoping to get picked?
man i think i wasted about a good 2 hours in jam on a working day
wow you have so much privelage i guess
Brother you should also visit Sydney
Think so. U can always try the giveaways and quizzes too
participate in all activities and try to stay active and make proper conversations and help newcomers!
Just be in chat and be nice and engage with everyone and you can stand a chance !!
It just stopped raining at my area but it will always rain during end of the year in MY
yes mate you have the most immunity other than asian countries
If you guys see someone suspicious  definitely a bot kindly report it at reportabot
yeh felt like an animal in a cage.
I think that makes perfect sense tbh. Best way to do it is legit by being genuine
Wah bro thats worse than me man where you work
are you excited to travel soon?
come visit here once covid is gone!
i never been to aust but hopefully future . hOPE NFT makes my dream comes true
if you are an artist submit your makings  here fanart memes 
and Keep spreading positive vibes overall!
Yea. A 2 weeks tour around aus sounds good. Haha
Nice man Ive been there once so far keen to come back its got a unique culture
Havent bro. Im sure ill place order tomorrow. Which app cheaper? grab fp or kfc app?
its not hoping bro i suggest u take the trivia test when it open cause winners get the WL and also u can chat to gain expwhen its open and top 200 will get the ticket. Grinding man!!!
Whatttt bro you gotta get out of there!
Luckily Im still work from home no need to jam with others
Not much liking? My friend that moved to Aus always have her KFC craving fixed when she come back to MY. I guess thats the reason
Yes brother and Make sure you have a good breakfast at the breakfast club
wbandana To All New comers!!. Devs will NEVER DM you for anything! if you receive a DM claiming to be from Cosmic Wyverns it is a scam! please block and report STAY VIGILANT
thatssss goooddd me too but sometimes there will be days where i am required to go to the office so i still needa experience the jam
haha i hope itll be normal soon
Ahhh okay thanks man. Im still learning and figuring my way around NFTs. Ive been in crypto since Jan but NFT has been a whole new ball game for me
Breakfast club? Is that a restaurant?
yes mate hope.we can have normal lives soon
there is a project also called that lol
or u can participate giveaway bro
Yeah its one of Australia iconic breakfast restaurant
giveaway sounds hard but im keen
I see. Will take note of it. Thx bro
Where else have you traveled to
They use to have promo code for KFC. Guess FP have better offer now. Did u ever try the jelly ice cream from KFC?
gold coast first and maybe san francisco after
yeah ive been quite a number of nft projects and i must say almost every of them require some works. But as a result you got some nft and some buddies maybe
how is the party going still strong?
Now grab got discount sometimes bro  nice mou I try next time
hahaha ur planning to go out im planning to fly there! hopefully i can go back to uni soon 
U mean other countries? Been around quite a bit. Most of southeast Asia Japan Korea China. Some countries in Europe and USA
really? haha ive seen a deli one i think
Brother always wanted to go to Japan but covid ruin it for me
check giveaways  channel bro did u turn on the notification?
Love the food there! And the architecture. People are real nice too. But its quite expensive. Haha
Hope for more give aways bluexcopyflame bluexcopyflame bluexcopyflame
sure ser what do u like in ur burger
The more I learn about the NFT space the more I fall in love with it. I dont think Ive ever seen a community like the people around here but I also love how everything in spaces like this is actually earned. Have to respect it
ahaha hopefully timing is in your favour.
hopefully  we will have our chance dont worry 
They doesnt offer delivery for that bro ull need to walk in. Nice o not it depends leh its my childhood memory la hahaha
Bacon caramelised onion since youre shouting may as wel put a Mac n cheese croquet and lettuce tomato of course
I love the culture I can speak a bit of Japanese. I love the car scene
same bro it is cheap can save money
Five guys burger are overpriced
How did you guys even find out about the wyverns?
would u like to have some olives in it as well
Oh nice! Thats cool! Haha. Im not much of a car person. Sorry. Haha. For me a car is just a mode of transport. 
Ya man  and open up at night also
where are you currently studying ?
burger with double patties and cheese! and the one not too dry
Yes bro the jdm scene is something else whats your favourite jdm car?
Bro idk if we can be friends after this comment
Hahaha I just watched ryandcrypto video. Looked into it and thought damn this actually looks really good lmao
ramlee abang is the way to my heart
Damn ok la  I go walk in and try  I never try before
All the abang very nice one bro
yes been stuck back home for a year now 
Im also bilingual so I want to travel the world when everything opens up
my bad for suggesting olives mate  whatt about just more cheese
Def! Did u take parts on the meme or fans art?
I think I found it from some random discord shill I usually dont check shill chats so I think god put me into this position
only missed one giveaway  not bad was there any trivia in the last 4 hours?
Brother rx7 is one of the best jdm cars
Yes please  do you eat olives in your burger ?
Not very artistic man  I draw ugly
stupid question sorry no there hasnt
Yeah thats how you differentiate a good and bad burger
i do not but do u eat it if its on ur pizza ?
Do you guys think pineapple should go on pizzas
Yeah same. Waiting for the god of inspiration to help me out with some ideas
Yeh olives on pizza is a huge vibe
rx7 is part of my top 5 for sure.
Pineapple on pizza ? Lets start a poll
Hopefully man  I just like to help the community man
what about pineapple on ur pizza ?
Big no for me..  but its fine on burger
React to this for pineapple on pizza guys
Other than burger what else u like
man that amethaverse looks like its gunna be straight fiyaaa
I honestly dont mind it haha might cop hate for that
Yeah I know when covid hit the market for it sky rocketed
great. Any idea what the difference btw the caves ?
Nice bro how long you have been in this server?
evos are clean as well  but r32s are just cleaner. would buy one though theyre hella expensive atm.
Just more places for people to chat in case one gets too filled with people and the chat starts flying too fast. Cave 2 is my favourite
I love the spicy vegetarian pizzas
pretty sure they only sell those in aus ?
yea cave 2 seems way more chill. can get a actual convo goin haha
 ice cold beer my guilty pleasure haha
Yeah once it takes off might have the whole collection
Yeh haha awesome people here too
Same bro just today heard that its just half of the members yesterday and it just doubled in 24 hours lol
I am very happy to have found this man
Beef for sure! I never had a good chicken burger in my life yet. How about u bro?
I love chicken burgers if done right 
7 and 9 are my preference evo on top though
Bro kfc chicken burger so good man
Well youre a friend of mine then
yesss as long as it is in penne pasta
Brother I like the old school evos like evo 4 and 5
Loveeee carbonara I had some earlier
I havent had that for years! Especially since the covid lockdown I never have a meal outside ever since lolk
how about now cuz everything is slowly open up!
Im a pasta lover I love all types of pasta
How do u found out about this bro?
You just have to meet the right one. No luck for me. but lamb one its good too!
Found this randomly from another server man 
GBMM I dont get pineapple on pizza man
pasta is so good but not the best for ya but damn so good
Really? I dont remeber when is the last time i order burger from them.
Great bro its about dinner time here in my area. Whats your time rn?
Nah bro just love the car scene
Sorry for late reply. Nice! So what are the languages u know?
Yeh I love carbs so much haha it will b the death of me Im constantly fighting to keep in good shape haha
Bro you have to try  the chicken is actual chicken unlike McDonald
Guilty but no. I havent went to shopping malls for 1 and half years.. lol.. I order my groceries online
Hey man each to their own brother
Hahaha same I dont think Ive ever checked a shill chat because all Id expect is spam and scam
Yeah I had too much pizza from pizza hut the one with pineapples when i was small so i hate that
Mostly the main ones mandarin Spanish a little bit of Japanese and the language I grew up in Khmer
i never really was a big fan until i married an italian that loves to cook
Yeah but i still order KFC when MCD is not available haha
Yeah man last time pretty good  now not very nice
Exactly man but its a sign thats why I put my life on pause and am trying my best to get WL
Wow. Thats a lot. So u grew up in Cambodia?
Hahaha damn you must be eating good !
I grew up in Australia but my parents are Cambodian
Hello good morning. I am good . How you doing?
Thats nice? So many people introducing KFC burger to me today I should order for breakfast tomorrow
Check announcements team! Dont be fooled by scammers
Ah... I see. Thats great! I worked in siem reap for half a year
U can try burger king breakfast its niceee
Are wyverns and dragons different ?
all by scratch too never knew how good fresh made pasta is compaired to store bought
I am good too. Thanks for asking
ssupp team cave 2 how are u doin
Hotel. Haha. I was the gm assistant
Yeah i know. But their buns arent good right? OH I REMEMBER i ordered the burger banjir from KFC and its not wet at all. Thats the last time i order burger from them
Oh yeh bro huge difference only had it once at a friends house but so good
good good alot of clean up from a party i didnt even want to be at but hey life is about compramises
Bro defo man  but now the burger is nice
Wow I used to work in a hotel too
Love dominos always order dominos the time i went to KL. But we dont have it here in Kuching
Thats not bad where are you originally from
Wait what  no dominoes Over there damn thats sad man
You know burger king is kinda exp  hahaha but i love the onion rings
Its too late for today dinner are prepared! haha
I just tried Burger King these these day
guess i could said no or was that ever really an option? lol married life
WLCC l Febe dinner is best  what you having
Wait what? burger king offer breakfast one meh??
Still working in a hotel bro? Or no more?
LoL. I can understand. Though I am not married but I see that happening to my friends all the time
Hallo juga bang. yxngasiann 3 I studied in Singapore for 10 years. Learnt English and Chinese there too
guess im just old not sure how you all eat fast food makes me ill taste great going down but after that it all over
just ate my dinner bruh how bout you?
So you basically been everywhere around the world
Make sure you guys know! DONT BUY ANY COLLECTIONS ON OS THEYRE ALL FAKE
i follow the happy life happy wife saying
No Someone just opened up our first tiger sugar here lol
No more since last year December
Been around. Only continent I havent been to will be south America and Antarctica. Hahaha
welcome back man! hows your day
What Countries have you been in Europe
Thats right bro. Its a blessing when you dont even plan something or expect it and something just comes your way. Always always grateful
What do u recommended bro? I like KK one its jucier the one in Kuching are dryy af thats why i seldom have burger king here they ruined it 
Soy sauce chicken rice and vege as usual family dinner. how about u bro
yeah sometimes we need some good ol pan pizza! Yum
why are there cave 123? what it means?
my next stop on my bucket list i really want to go
different rooms for chatting bro
Just places where u can chat since theres cool down
Because one chat would be too much. It splits it up a bit
Guys I shared a meme at night with everyone!  httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862602903664330833264661
cave 2 have more the cool kids HAHA
I doesnt love fast food but sometiems you dont know wht to eat and fast food is the first one that comes to mind haha
Studied in Swiss. Worked in Swiss and London too. Visited Spain Italy Greece
make sure to report scam collections
Hey welcome back bro. Hows your day
i like to do for fast say rice and a stir fry takes 15 minutes
Yea covid his hospitality industry hard
They macam dont have breakfast on delivery menu leh
Have you ever watched a football soccer game
Got leh last time I ordered by using grab hehe
cave 2 unfortunately is the best room in this server to be at no disrecpect to the other channels JS
just joined and learning about whats this about
Yes. Watched a Chelsea match once when I was in London. U?
yeah same I am here to learn and have fun
Yesss their breakfast is like so yummy
can we rename this channel to cool kids?
I support Chelsea I went to there game once.
I see. I support man utd. Haha. But didnt get a chance to watch their match. Was a shame really. Should have made the effort to catch one when I was in UK
Yeah but the minimum requirement is you must have the leftover rice in the fridge haha
ayyyy man utd were kinda in the mud rn. ole OUT.
it was so good mate i have time to rest
if there is no grinding it takes away all the stupid discussions and people can focus on what they enjoy
i have high hopes for this project man
well i cheat so take me 30 minutes have to put fresh made rice into frig
I seriously never seen thhis before! Maybe im living in cave for too long XD i just check my grab there isnt such thing being offered lol
Yea man. Hes not coaching the team right. Whats the point of buying van de Beek and Sancho just to bench them? Makes no sense
and this one knows how to make real stir fry 
Thats the benefit living in KL you guys have the best offer as always haha
fax. donny and sancho has so much potential. just a graveyard of talent i guess.
Yea. He dont have a big enough charisma to manage the big names. Mcfred partnership not working at all. No tactical identity atm
having fried rice as my dinner man
HAHAHA should always prepare leftover rice and stored it in fridge in that case
Hopefully ole gets sacked tonight
Did u ever try Rice  Egg  Lunchmeat and soy sauce before?
Haha. Hoping they win tonight. But at the same time hoping they lose so Ole can get sacked. Conflicted right now. cracucumber31 Fred shouldnt be anywhere near the 1st team...
Hope so man. Especially with pogba out.
Tottenham might win pogba aint playing. dont know how long it will take for ole to go.
Back from dinner. Back to quality helpful comments
delicious i am craving for samgyupsal now. do you know that?
Whats your score prediction for tonights game
Yea. If we lose to Tottenham its gg man can say goodbye to top 4 even. Last week was such a pain to watch.
salad is just too good atm. couldnt stop liverpool theyre on form as well.
Asia is amazing I hope to visit soon
Surely ronaldo will turn up and score a hattrick
hahhaa oh i thought you are european. what country are you from?
do check out announcements  for more guys
Which part of Asia u like to visit bro
Yea. True that. But didnt expect to get our ass kicked so hard. If we lost 1 or 20 and gave them a fight then itll be alright. Just the way we lost is such a disgrace
Do you guys have a favourite fruit
Everyone remember to breath relax and not to take this to seriously  if its meant to be it will be.....so baby just let it be....
Haha. Lets hope so! Favorite fruit durian all the way man! Hahaha
no iver tried every meat leftover anything but NEVER tried lunch meat
Yeah i like sweet and cheesy  love of my life. what about u bro
My parents called that a stinky fruit
Doing fine just joined this server.
I hope everything goes alright with everyone
im from.philippines mate so many asians here
Thats is like comfort food. Especially in middle of the night when youre carving for something haha
 king of fruit right there! Gonna have some tonight I think! Hahaha
Always  Nothing beats a good cheesecake but not too much it will become gross lollll
Im going to have some apples feel like them for a late snack
its an opposite case for me haha dont like sweets that much love savory foods and fried
THATS THE BEST! Im gonna changed my answer to durian
Hey welcome bro good to have u here. I just joined hours ago too
durian is a popular fruit in my country!
this project will be the next blue chip damn
i will definately try that im american but spent time in asia and learned how to make stir fry now its my go too
Those who have twitter give wyvern a follow to increase exposure
Enjoy that apple bro! I got to go. Was nice chatting with u guys. Enjoy the rest of the Saturday everyone!
We SEA are taking over cave 2 lol
an apple a day keep the doctor away!
Oh ya i like sweet but not too sweet maybe because i grow older hahaha
How much is the project going for??
There arent any competitions going on rn for WL right? Is it just people who are active?
Yeah musang king right? Every durian called themselves Musang now lol
What dip do you guys have with your Doritos
can check out whitelistinfo  bro
not yet mate my dream is to have vacation on that
Whatttssss Up Wyverns. Man would be awesome to create a storie for this projects like Dinos allowed.
I feel powerless on WL with only activity ahah than I feel sad ahah I want to have some Wyvern Im a natural colector  so it gets even hard .
 lowkey thought you were serious
usually have a tomato salsa with it
Oh thats nice. How long u been living in Asia? Fried rice is hard when i first learn to cook i stared with cooking pasta lol
Because cave 1 is crazy chat. 2 ans 3 bit more chilled
Bro  can try man  Im sure it will elevate the flavour
Same to you bro you gonna love cave 2 people here are cool
hahaha yeah when we grow older we have to be health conscious
Yeah I agree with you too! Messages are printing like crazy hahah.
no when i was younger im an old man now live is sunny Florida with the rest of the white hairs!
Good how about you are you new here in wyvernss
Ikr i cant stand too sweet as i grow older but still craving for them hahahah
OK but there is timer on all of them
if you drop soap on the floor is the soap dirty or floor clean?
hey everybody just been invited. hope everyone is good
I actually have Doritos at home  now not durians season bro damn sad
Hi man im here sinc yesterday not spending 247 here but its pretty cool server
youll definitely enjoy it our community is amazing 
if the poison is expired is it still poisonous?
im from the philippines bro hbu?
Come down to Australia Ill hand you some
can really feel the warmth guys here.. everybody is replying to me.. nice!
Thats cool. I used to live in Atlanta for 13 months my aunt have a chinese restaurant there
my bad walked right into that one! what a jerk hehehe
Bro  dont tell me the frozen ones 
We all been through the chaos HAHAHAH
and choose to settle down in cave 2
Bro I need fresh from the tree pls  later in container already not fresh bro
asia i was in cambodia china loasif imspelling that right
Yeah we are good bro have any meal yet?
What comes first the chicken or the egg
no your are not! matter of fact we are still early!
Asians awake now but muricans up soon to grind
Yeah it is better here than cave 1
Brother Im not sure I could climb a tree right now get what you get
thanks mate thats great to hear!
Was wondering about the differences between caves!
If youre late than i might as well late too just got here few hours ago haha
Also less fast! Its madness there!
Bro I not climbing tree I just wait for the truck to come bro
I only been to China before the food is great! but never got chance to visit cambodia yet or laos
And the chill cave is chill as well lol
Bro thatll take ages I kinda want a freaky dip to go with my Doritos
Yeah we can have real convo here. where u from bro
I promise you that that is the freakiest dip you can try on planet earth
Nice bro did u make it into the WL yet in WLCC?
i was living with an adopted family at the time and we moved around because of politics the whole experience was very educational for me and i will never take for granted what i have
wasteland cactus crew if i got it right 
cave 2 has football field inside
Nah you know whats freaky combining all the freakiest fruits together
The best caves to have a conversation
i feel like wyvern master never sleeps haha
Yes bro what time is at your area right now
I was about to go to bed til I saw the giveaway notification lol
sheesh they just keep these whitelist giveaways coming!
Dont miss out! giveaways goodluck everyone 
thankss  r the new oness also eligible to join the giveaway?
How do you guys have these cool dragon profile pictures alrdy ? Did you buy the collection? Or is that only picture?
im in jakarta. 1800 pm here where u at?
Check announcements team! Dont be fooled by scammers
Hope to visit one day! Which city do u recomend in Portugal bro?
Giveaway!Giveaway!Giveaway!Giveaway!Giveaway!
giveawayss time to win guys. make sure u joinn
Lisbon is a bit chaotic at the moment
Love Lisbon! Awesome to walk around
Yes i think so just hit on the emoji in giveaway channel bro
Another give away check it here at giveaways  make sure to join
i got good hunch about winning the GA
Malaysia bro we are neighbor! but its 7pm here haha
yeah but I only have few chats tho.. since im new?
thanks alot man. good luck to you too
Its a good city to visit but stupidly expensive to live in if you are not rich
why so many channels tho ? xd haha
Yeah i bet everywhere is chaotic rn. Hope the pandemic end soon
You can give it a try i think the WL still available if u want to
Chat moves super super fast hence more rooms !
Wyverns need multiple caves to rest in
it has more than 2k spots still
Basically everyone is vaccinated so it wont be long until it is settled down
You can slowly build up to it bro! dont worry just give it a try
Make sure to have 10 messages to win the giveaway
lets goo GA good a good feel might win
Only 10? I thought it was more ahahaha
Congrats! Lets make it into the WL here too haha
just order some online food. going for dinner soon. while watching premiere league here..
Good luck cave 2 as well on the Giveaway!
Really?? Thats a lot. But my friends are lazy to grinds so no point for me to invite them lol
make sure u join the giveaway GL
Everyone make sure to join the giveaway to get a change to win a WL
yeah and and to get WL the mod will hand pick them so have to really engaging
I doubt about that. haha In my state there is 8090 vaccined rate but still pretty high death rate.
Nice ahahaha but i think they need to increase it like 25
xdd but why are they typing gl xdd
861687615769673738 KIDS one tip I can give you is that the key is to Engage not to Grind and you get WL for sure861687615769673738
hmm you can join the invite contest? Or change your name and pfp like me and be active in the chat where mods say they will pick active member from the chat. I couldnt fulfill the invite part so i just being lucky to pick from the chat events
Some people just dont like to chat and only enter giveaways and trivias
I lpve that the chat is slower jn the mornimg
we need a club in cave 2 so we can party all day loong
Coz giveaway going on for wl spot
Probably because the giveaway in giveaways
Does the giveaway include all caves??
Yessirr im doin great. Just got off work
tbh thats me loll but im tryinggg to talk w others 
What u order bro? we was just discuss about fast food here earlier XD
i thought premier league is usually at midnight
im new into NFTs hope this is a good start for me!
hey just joined i hope can win man
Only 2 whitelist spots per giveaway. I hope they give out a lot of whitelist spots next trivia
this project looks very good  def worth the shot
This is definitely a good start man
This project has great potential
Yeah but now crew card is harder to get. ppl selling at os for 30eth 
Anyone have big plans for satsun where ever you are
They usually give out 10 whitelist spots in trivia right?
it has lets get that wl and taky the money
Make sure you guys know! DONT BUY ANY COLLECTIONS ON OS THEYRE ALL FAKE
just hope we can get wl  for now lets just enjoy the community
Just finished dinner hows everyone doing in cave 2?
No bro im from Malaysia. You ever visit Malaysia before?
Good luck with the giveaway man
Nicee now its time to sit back and relax a bit
lets good gusy may the luck be with u
Yeah bro link is in my profile if u wanna to take a look
Dont forget to follow us on twitter
3500 Unique Wyverns. A ton of utility.
being pretty good bro thanks for asking. how about you?
Aight bro  Ill check it out later
Hey all how are you guys tonight?
Good to hear. Which side of the world are yoy on?
guys give away ends in few seconds
yeah someone told me about that and i checked on os someone do trying to sell for 30eth haha
Fried rice. There are early kick offs nowadays.. whats ur fav fast food there? you at KL?
Im sure there will be more next time
im very good as well  saturday night on my end
Yeah I think the top 10 with the most points in trivia get a wl. Oohh theres still a lot of spots left
Yeah Harperr! congrats! cave 2 !
No problem bro dm me if u need any help ya
Congrats on all winners great job and luck 
Pretty good man just chilling this evening
No bro Im in Sarawak. Is Sarawak nearer to your side or KL nearer?
omg i feel so bad for harperr lol
well nvm they rerolled me because I am too new
a just barely is a make it though!
sup dude i peep the WLCC pfp. u think theyll do good? discord is so dead.
Congrats lightyear17 you won my man
Damn the dude barely made it. Grats to him
But youre still lucky imo. its like 11000 chance lol
If you win the giveaway how do you prove you are not a bot when they check?
Damn why everytime  im late to the giveaway
Its ok bro theres always next time
Thank you wyvern fam! Never thought Im getting this W!!!
its one hour faster at my area. Hows your dinner bro
I would be as well. That green looks nice on you!!
Congrats mate to the moon next 
You need to have chat history i guess.
Congratulations xy and lightyear17 so lucky
Congrats all winners super excited hopefully I win one soon too
Nid to get luck in giveaway and get lucky to win 
Does anyone like pineapple on pizzas
No pls  I rather eat durian pizza
have you tried pizza on pineapples
sorry but ima have to say no with that haha
Not yet. But thats a good recommendation. Now i gotta try it
For the new people we have been growing lately alot some are new. Today there is no exp till again 2am utc. If you like to know how to get whitelisted go check whitelistinfo . They give whitelist manual by mod picking and some events as giveaways fanart memes . Those help you to get in just be friendly and stay as a wyvern community. Remember to stay active dont lose hope and youll get noticed! WAGMI lets go family
WLCC l Febe  not sure man Im sure somewhere in malaysia someone thinking of making it
Isnt Pizza hut used to offer that? I missed out that deal anyway lol
Mods are watching do not worry and they will WL all people that help the community and quality  quantilty
Bro I wish everyone can try and not think its some fart bomb  
WLCC l Febe really bro ? Damn I should have ordered
KL nearer whats favourite sarawak cuisine?
agree im on my acne treatment but pizza is just fantastic
Pretty great are you in wl for swampverse?
Whatsupppppp man  we cave 2 doing good 
yxngasiann 3 you know its lit with them durians in chat man
Floppindix69 Yes bro not gonna lie. it says Aug 2019 
Your time will come guys dont worry just be optimistic. Keep on supporting and helping the community
bro i could legit throw into a classroom and use as a stink bomb
Sarawak cuisine ? Hmm... Laksa i guess? U ever try sarawak laksa?
yxngasiann 3 bro they would excavate  the entire skyscraper
For the new people we have been growing lately alot some are new. Today there is no exp till again 2am utc. If you like to know how to get whitelisted go check whitelistinfo . They give whitelist manual by mod picking and some events as giveaways fanart memes . Those help you to get in just be friendly and stay as a wyvern community. Remember to stay active dont lose hope and youll get noticed! Also participate in giveaways too! WAGMI lets go family so keen
omg was this a thing??? this looks so good!
Thank you !! We will continues to support the community
i think people should try it it is one of the best fruits
We should request PH to bring it back at Twitter i never got chance to try that too haha
Hey everyone how we doing tonight!? 10k members almost what is going on?!
Yes bro Im couldnt believe that either when i first saw the ads hahaha
Yes man  defo  but most us uk and Europeans puke when they smell it
Yessirr. Always stay positive!!!
just chilling talking about random topics.
Congrats for everyone getting chosen! You guys are amazing to the community keep up the great work 
Are you from the uk what football team you support
I couldnt imagine the taste like seriously haha
100 I know if i 100 back the project the project will 100 back me!
T AP Cosmic Wyvern Nameless Floppindix69  whats up guys  so much active there ! Thanks for welcoming and lets keep it up
I used to study in the uk man  but now back in malaysia  I support Man Utd
Hope so too! Thanks for all you do patiently waiting  thanks for running regular giveaways
Its durian on pizza bro that pizza hut offer 2 years ago haha
Fr thoo. Thats how it should be.
Dnt worry my broo u will get it soon
Everyone loves United I dont get whats so special about them
Ayyyyyy mans from the swamp  lets gooooo
You prolly some Liverpool fan bro 
More to come more ways to have  a wl spot Kindly check it here whitelistinfo  you can also join and win at giveaways  you can also send us some fan arts at fanart   Be helpful in the community wink
Never give up hope yall!! You never know if its your time to shine next
Nah bro I support Chelsea were winning the prem
Hahaha I took 2nd place in art contest there ahahah
All the cave as we have such a great community here bro  hope youll have a great time here with us
Nah i thought it was gross back than. People at my country have rice with durian as well. But i never like it lol. U like durian buddy?
lovely Portugal hey do you know Chico Crypto from Youtube??
Thanks so much! Will definitely keep an eye out. Trying my best to become active. Thanks again for all you do keep it up I appreciate you guys so much
I usually eat here and there but I like it
I drawing right now boss ! Give me few hours for it I hope community will enjoy 
Yeahh i already posted somethings in fanart probably going to make another one later today
Nice bro I always wanted to visit Vietnam too. Love Vietnamese food!
ohhh dont even start me talking about food
Okay post your artwork at fanart  thank you
We gonna be hopeful man we are still early 
damn I missed that giveaways I am always unlucky
Okay well check on it thank you we appreciate it
Yes bro unfortunately durian is pricey! even in malaysia
Keep your head up ! Heaps more opportunities
its okay man there should be many chances and we are still early!
Of course boss that what I talked about! If everyone will understand it our community will grow much more quickly and with quality
Of course!!! I really enjoy making them
Yes is about dinner time here! wait for the next giveaway bro
Yeah its very expensive in Australia
I hope so. once let me be happy winner
Just fun art bro  Im not master or smth like that but I try to do my best 
go have you dinner bro you can set notification so you dont miss any giveaways !
true let it be that I enter the Heavens doors as a WL 
Bro I went to sleep for a couple of hours and a new giveaway my luck is awesome lol
Haha nice I might give it a try as well....haha
Keep you head up king!!! Still plenty more chances to come
For the new people who have joined there is currently still spots left for whitelist have a look under the serverstats tab. 
To attain a whitelist role just need to be friendly and stay as a wyvern community. Remember to stay active dont lose hope and youll get noticed! Also participate in giveaways too! 
WAGMI Lets go family so keen !!!
i am guessing we are still pretty early here since its all WL and we are only 10  filled up.
I will head to the food room cause I am hungry now
The sneak peaks look amazing the animated versions are great
Cant have my dinner yet need to wait for my kid wake up from her nap haha
Make sure you also follow the twitter page which could be found in the official links tab so you get the latest updates 
My bestfriend support Chelsea fair play to you all   
PapaSito420 Swampverse damn man I gotta see your art
Ight bro gl!! Dont forget to feed yourself from time to time haha
the last time i joined it was only a few hundred.... i thought it was a hoax so i left.... sigh hahahah oh well.... WLCC l Febe  nice how old is your girll ?
I dont mind living in this discord to show my commitment   this project has quite a few promising things
Yeah just stay active in this community and be helpful in any possible way  check out more here whitelistinfo
yeahhh who needs food when you have the Wyverns woow
Whats your favourite Man U player
yea... there is only a certain window i can stay active hahaha busy being a father hahah
it look like this your hand gets purple if you open with bare hand haha
Oh really It happened to me on other Discord...I joined the Fishtank Discord and thought hoax and left and after 5k members  they have locked
Truee but even wyverns need food right??
Yo welcome back again bro! Where have u been
I have the same question....why so many rerolls
Just a lot of people who didnt meet the requirements has to be at least 10 non spammy messages I believe
yea man you cant be sure now adays plus there are so many hacks  scams going on... it is never safe in NFT world !
Yeah same here  we gotta manage our time for fam too 
Handpicked mods and devs are watching you need to be active and helpful to the community
nooo they are of cosmic proportions 
Woah youre the OG than! haha she turns two on August. do u have any kid bro?
thanks i guess announcement was at 10 and they said 24 hrs but i just wanted to be sure
Oh yes exactly nothing is safe in digital world not even in real world it is safe
a father first husband second son 3rd NFT collector 4th HAHAHAHA.
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns you got me there
i just ate mate did you have your dinner?
Which part of the world u come from buddy?
Brother thats everyone favourite my favourite has to be AWB
Its okay man just enjoy your time in here no matter what
hello wyverns its pretty hyped atm ive just joined the server
i know but when they say re roll i thought it was a random generator
He a bit inconsistent sometimes but the spiderrrr
lets make the Wyverns great again 
the ! rank does not work for me
Ow mate check out announcements
david de gea can save the titanic
how r u guys feeling wasteland cactus crew? i got a WL through a giveaway but i didnt get to claim it bc i missed it lol.
Is it not a random generator ? You mean reroll of giveaway ? I think that is random
thanks does it say how it works?
The mods will have a look on your activity in the chat and see if you have been helpful and will also look at your art as well. You can also enter giveaways to get into whitelist.
No way kepa is clearly better than him at pens
Not yet brother will have that soon i hope. did u have samgyeopsal for dinner?
Thanks dude ! Idk why mods there make screenshots of screenshots  quality is worth but have what we have
This project will be lit for sure 
Metaverse related companies for reference. Besides NFT many opportunities out there for the long term
Kindly check it here whitelistinfo  you can also join and win at giveaways  you can also send us some fan arts at fanart  more ways to get a WL spot. Be helpful in the community wink
Hey buddy! Youre awake? Thats a quick nap haha
Ive never seen a chat this hype tbh
Yes mate about latest update and everything
hahaha no mate i had grilled fish. have some dinner mate dont skip meals
I tried for giveaways and stuff but no luck damn
Me as well enjoy your time in here yeah to the fullest
So where is everyone from Im sending this in all 3 rooms haha lets get to know everyone
Yeah heaven when it turns golden brown! You know stuff man!
XP is off  you wouldnt have a rank of you came in when it happened
I am waiting for that magic to happen
Yes I came in today have already 100 messages but no rank haha
Bro If David de gea can get a clean sheet against spurs Ill make him equal to kepa
No worries!! Its only off for 24hours
they disabled the xp today but who cares we enjoy the chat
welcoem !! do check out announcementswhitelistinfo faqs for more info on this project meanwhile be nice and be active a1
My grandma is better than kepa  Mendy on the other hand very good
Hahaha mods can still see that youre being active and engaging!
Pretty good and boring at home you?
Just keep your head up and you will get there ! WAGMI !
Just saw the results of the giveaway.. congrats to you lucky soles. Stay flying  high if you didnt win though there will be plenty of opportunities
yes just keep chillin mods have their eyes open
Soon brother. haha. But its good to skip breakfast as expert suggest haha
okay will do it being soon active p
Haha yeah bro its the new norm now. Family and nfts 
hahaha why because i always skip breakfast
HAHAH you are early my friend !
whats the difference between cave 1 23?
Just waking up man otw to work then ill be back here again! Later
There is no difference  its just for us to chat in
On the other hand de gea is conceding a goal per game
Yea u can choose any cave u want
why dont they make it 1 cave then?
You think so that they have 10k eyes ? Haha
not much of a difference its just other venues for you to chat in 
no difference just stabilize the chat speed with 3 different chat rooms for better communication!
Enjoy your work and the day ahead 
Bro that is too much and too quick
Yeah we all have been looking for that godness!
Oh yes bro patience is key wagmi
everyone in cave 1 would be way too fast lol
make sure to check announcements and faqs  to stay on top of everything guys!!
even with 5 caves with 10x more people all cave would be quick too though
not sure but stay tune to that channel giveaways !
Have fun at work bro ! Hope to see you back on the chat 
I read that from news saying that people starts to have breakfast because they to work early in the morning. but is actually fine to skip it hahaha
I hope one of those eyes is eyeing on me
yeah conversations would be hard
haha this proof this community are strong
trivia guys get your knowledge up!
Theres a trivia going on in a few minutes guys! WL spots available
Gg here comes the test for common knowledge
New announcement at announcements
Yeah man  but I mean not too bad  this chat is lit
Alright Im gonna away for hours its dinner time! Have fun chatting guys nice of meeting you all
What is going on with Metasaurs ? Wen moon ser ?
Guess ill have to stay for another 10 mins
Good luck on the Trivia peeps weyes weyes
The trivia is too much  I can barely react man 
Man I stuffed up the trivia already 
Yeah bro  I click 10 times cannot register but its ok  I will just be active here
Whats the best way to get wyvern masters attention?
I hope so !! I will continued to be active regardless 
I was like meh its impossible so its ok  next round will be good tho
Trivia is so hard why cant they be easy like what colour is this etc haha
Ohh i seecant votee for quizz smhhh 
Bro the trivia rough man and hard to react
Yea yea Im never good at these trivias
i missed the first question shit. thought we had 10 min
trrivia puts me in a bad mood honestly.
Good luck to us both from being purely active
Congrats top 10 damn bro again I went to brush my teeth my phone didnt pickup each reaction lol need to be at my pc next time
I lucky guessed a bunch.... cant believe it
Im sure my luck will change this round here !!
acfc yeah man unless its like flags or Smth
i only got 2k points better luck next time for me
i put my dinner aside to play the quiz lul
I came top 200 missed a few easy questions accidently.
U in nft community man ! U r already lucky
Congrats to those who won trivia !!
mhm pointless for me lol  that pissed me off actually. gonna be back after my sleep
once you miss 1.... you are gone man haha
Grats to those who got top 10 in Trivia! Its really a fun quiz
was fun but how people react before the question gets loaded in lol
So close yet so far haha 34th in trivia!
Bro I cant even vote tbh ahahaha 
congrats to the winners u guys deserved it
Congratz all winners. Shit was tough
Is the xp still turned off here?
congrats winners intelligent people.
haha yeah congrats high iq people
Next time Ill be on the top ten
This community is really interesting active and fun
How many winners will be chosen?
I got top 100 only if I didnt mess up
couldnt even find my name.... sad hahaha
well u have chances everytime they launch the trivia ahaha
chat calmed down a lot from last night guess xp scared them off sadly
Its okay mate theres still a chance
i really thought scoobys collar was orange. i needa relive my childhood i am truly ashamed. 
yeah true haha maybe I should take one
yo bro do you own the dragon on your profile or your just a fan? 
IKR! I do also thought its orange but after thinking for a sec i pressed blue hah
DOnt be too disappointed you will have another chance on getting in the quiz and there are other ways to get WL !
So close yet so far away  for me 
Like I couldnt even believe I would make top 10 i am speechless rn 
Man I keep watching movies and missing on these trivia quizs hahah
no time to die friend keep up the hopes
Yes there are many ways guys !! Dont be disheartened
the feeling of sorrow and pain i wouldve been happy getting only that question right.
U joined on the 27th but start speaking literally after u win quiz  hmmmmm
Yeah haha but its alright keep going man
My guy you already wl lol give ppl a chance hahaha
absolutely im happy i did that well lol no ones ever accused me of being good at trivia lol
Did u guys have your breakfastlunch  dinner ?
Its alright man your time will come
probably wont be whitelisted then as giveaway winners need to be active. Same applies to quizes
Bruhhh I got the WL omg  I just saw omg
First cave are insane fast  Ill enjoy this cave 
Overly fast that you cant even reply
Nah bro I know that just might not be chosen lol he gotta be active homie u know how the mods are
lol same here I have bad luck need to stay at my PC all day
Thanks brooo WGMI guysss keep going
You will my friend ! Keep your head up ! WAGMI !!!
True man! Lets keep it pushing here 
Is it bad to listen to the weeknd during weekday
and what? I was checkin all the announcementsetc... I gave up in advance that it would be hard to receive a WL here
Hey JuwulKruztul I just had a look through and they have taken it down. So I think it is resolved. They made a gif. Thanks for looking into it
Any good ideas for the weekend guys and girls ?
Its good to listen to the weekend and eat durian
The irony is strong on that one. I think thats why they made it lolol
sorry to keep asking but have you checked it?  
anyone know how often trivia is played?
Lmao just saying bro mods said u gotta be active and ur active after a dub bro sus
I gag whenever I smell durian. My mom is fine with it though
I will try to be more active since today hope that will work
They took my first entry  the cgi version of the Twitter pfp
Bro youll get use to it most of the chat was talking about durian
Wtf?! Congratz man lmao!!!!!!! A pleasant surprise
Yeah all good this end thanks!! Just been invited here and its Awsome! Are all the trivia times random ?
Shufflyk told ya homie you didnt believe me huh
lazy dao its ok I listen to it all the time
Gm dang even with slow mode on the chat is rolling
Thats what I like to hear bro !! Just been invited here looks Awsome! I think its going to be super hard to get one though 
Saw the message was highlighted and thought they tagged me instead it was  everyone lol
Big Asian community I suppose? I tried durian desert before. First time I nv finish a desert...
Bro I love how weve talked about durian for hours now 
Congrats to the trivia winners! I hope you enjoyed the quiz I made for you guys 
We ensured that no one knew the answers so no bots had the chance
Yeahhh good for you mate! Hope you having fun hereyay
Time to raveee guys I made the wl 
Ohh welcome to this hype community! Hope you enjoying
Ay!!!! Im one of the Green now!!!! Kishu dude. It was hard... had to guess on a bunch
Nah bro you coming in after the fact and tryna be active after the fact is unfair. We work our asses off in here for hours you said you simply gave up. And you think its fair? Bruh
Remember if you won the raffle or quiz but you havent met the requirements of more engagement to the community you will be excluded from winning
Thank u mods for making it fair and still making sure its active members winning
I love the smell but I dont like the taste hahaha
great added security feature for bots imo
Congrats to all our green homies tho!
Look at this we have a durian community as well
i got kicked already xd. thanks anyway
Hey if exp is locked today doesnt mean that ppl joined today cant win any WL spots? Even if they are active today?
This is the first time iv heard anyone liking the smell but not the taste its usually the opposite haha
Yeah I was reviewing ur history when i see ur complain. I was examining if ur deserving to be wl and I make ur dream come true
Really ?? Thats the first time I heard that
No mods are always watching! Dont need the xp for it
Hahhahaha but some durian dessert is acceptable
Hi again Kishu !! can you please check my dm  i sent u a screenshot
Dammm sorry bro  just engage and wait for next one
It honestly is who doesnt love it
Ow ok because i tries some times to get WL but i just joined today. I am a bit active tho! 
Ouch man  its alright keep it trying
thx for the support! guyzz maybe next time yeah
We need to be fair to those who spend their time engaging to the community hope you understand thank you
Have u gad durian mochi or durian vape juice? Youre missing out on life fam if u havnt
singapore! cool to see others appreciating durians
Haha yeap! But sometimes having too much of it will be bad for health
We can just keep trying guys !!
Wagwan fam which part of Australia you from
My guy already with that green name  congrats bro! This project going to be huge bro for sure! I prefer this art to any of the others Similar like BeArX and kaiju.
Now this chat seems much more manageable. That cave 1 is impossible to read. Hello all. Seems a very active discord. Do you all think its gonna sell out in seconds despite ETH gas costing more than IRL gas?
haha yeah cave 23 is where its at
Yeah cave 2 has been my favorite
  community is really amazing here!!! thx I comprehend your rules
I do tried durian mochi before hahahah but whats durian vape juicemonkaS
Yeah this will be next blue chip so will sell out very fast
Yes very true do you like the desserts
Congrats to the trivia winners! Well done hats off to you all
Durian is love for me  the season is coming soon
Of course! Even durian mooncake is one of the best too
100 mint amount is very low and price to mint is cheap gas however idk.
Yes congratulations to the quiz winners!!!
Good my friend very good! How you doing ? 
gratz to the winners hope to win next time
Hey bro how r u! Been up here I see
Oh gosh I fking love durian mochi !!!!
Thats very nice how was your day today
Been good beautiful day today sunny day what about u?
Cool will check it out more. Just seen a fellow CryptoDad giving up a double thumbs up.
You should brotha! Its really wonderful now they came out with the thin skin ice cream like mooncake which is boom
I only got like 2 hours of sleep maybe 3 should get done more before I grind in here all day hm
I have never tried that before but Ive heard of it
Just back for few min got a lot of stuff do
Dude I got lucky af. Had to guess on some questions... luckily only got 1 or 2 wrong...
never tried durian before.. not sure how ill take it
Why? u dont want it? Just continue being helpful and engage well to this community.
oohh thecave2 seems much less chaotic! Hi gang!!
its more of an acquired taste but its really good imo
My day was fantastic thanks for asking
You should get more sleep yeah it its me I dont think I can function
U right bro thank u for ur reply. Ill be back in 2 hours
Haha well done my friend well done!! Ive just joined but Im hoping to crack on with the next triva! Pretty cool idea! 
I prefer to be lucky at WL rather than getting in via quizzes because Im a bit dumb.
really? I though thecave was much crazier
Speed is important. But getting it right is better
Im good man. Went to grab some dinner and now back here chilling. Have you eaten ?
do you any of you guys use to play fortnite
Oh I thought you were about to make my dream come true. Hahah. I was confused. Im going to keep being positive and contribute!
bye guys gonna head off for a bit see ya soon!
See you around enjoy your rest 
It was very fair tbh. WALTER WHITE  like 4 or 5 lmaooo
i only played the first season it went to sht after it imo
cmon bro dont talk down yourself like that.
Wasnt easy at all so they really deserve it lol
Almost 10k members in just almost 72 hrs. Thank ya all for the support
So by being active we can get it?
Thats wild. We are going places with this project
Durian vape juice is the only time tomake your car smell like durian and its acceptable by your mother
thanks for creating this wonderful community! so glad to be here!!
Haha just generally rubbish at general knowledge. I have a degree. But quizzes and me aint a match. 
its only been 72hrs? I tot itll be much longer with a community this big
Yes bro one of the first criteria is being active. U need this be able to take part in triviagiveaway
We should all be in the wl but Im getting my grinding up not my funny up
this is so  members are soo active. love the fam!
This is actually decent the first cave is madphetemine
i think we are not very late just keep helping around the community and you will get WL hopefully
Oh my god thats very impressive
wait its only been 72 hrs   I feel like Im in a time void feels like a week
Its great to see this project grow so organically without the invite competitions
Haha cant wait for the next one!! You did well to only need to guess on a couple thats for sure !!
Crazy fast growth! Heavily anticipated!
Meth?! Lol Lein  ALPHA RONINS u check out more cool ones in sneakpeek
Who plays football soccer here?
Keep it up  Hope i can still see u helping and engaging after this.
hey guys! Im new here! any idea how to get into WL? I see a lot of spots still open
OK community. Newbie here. Help me out. Whats the ONE thing that stands out to you about this project?
ya man sick proj honestly really hyped to be here so early
Mochi is too good its best things since jellybeans. I wonder if there are durian flav jbs
Hey hey! If you want to get WL try and stay active among the top 200 ranks on the server or try your hand at fanart  memes. The mods are also keeping an eye out for helpful individuals to bless with a WL. make sure to checkout whitelistinfo  and announcements for more info
You will ! Just keep it up and they are always watchin keep the faith brother
Holy moly  thats it. Ive got WL Im going to be even more committed now. Thank you so much  Im so happy its unreal
lol this was meant for Florian265 .check it out
the roadmap and the partnership with Amethaverse
no need xp guys keep the positive vibess
Are you the mod incharge of chat 2?
Yep and Im the guys that wins all these christmas quizz games heheh 
Heyyo welcome to this community ! to get wl u may have a look at whitelistinfo and see if there is any give away  most important  stay active !!!  
FatMeow  Thanks boys how we doing ?
oh thanks a lot man! this was very helpful!
yep keep it simple and enjoy the chat
Really? I tried but ended up 100th and something 
Damn yo again since my gf is up now
Life and chats come at you fast 
Its really xxx in your mouth man esp when the paste bit explodes
gg buddy i hope i can also make it
Great af! Just had my dinner after work
Hahah I tried on mobile... couldnt answer some questions .. PC will be the way to go
anytime G! feel free to ask any questions you might have. the wyverns here in thecave2 got your back
Great !! Guys if you are interested in when WL please refer to announcements   giveaways  and whitelistinfo . Most importantly be active be genuine and be nice to the community MODS will be lurking and you will get noticed ! Good luck to everyone and have fun! 
Given the recent case in BearX Devine Anarchy  even Jungle Freaks we all must remember to be vigilant !!! Even if the announcement is from official discord or twitter please read TWICE do not FOMO do not CLICK WITHOUT DOUBLE CHECKING!! 
Thanks all for reading welcome and enjoy 
Who hit kaiju and space apes in here?
What movie should I watch tonight
yoo where you from to have durian?
Yeah brother its crazy how many people love durian in the chat
Yeah that sucked big time! I switched to laptop but missed two questions because of it
hahah IKR! i though cave 2 would be a little less chaotic! but here I am again messing up my chats lol
You really been grinding in here I see
GBMM my man!!! Im up now bro haha like 23 of sleep and Im back Im adduced hahahaa
Is it even durain season. But okay durian or mangosteen?
There was a trivia some minutes ago
got to keep a keen eye out for scammers
Well Im from Australia and I get it from my local market
Yes sir  this is fun to grind  really wanna help people as well  defo here for the long run !!
thank you so much! loving the postive vibes here already
Hahahaha yeh bro this chat keeps drawing me back I missed the trivia by like 3 minutes so tilted
Yeah my phone was lagging ahahaha couldnt even answer
A genuine place to communicate not only simply spamming
GBMM if Im meeting ppl like you bro Im here for it!
nice used to live in melbourne which part are you from?
Yeh g theres heaps of dope ppl here
Yeah man not just people spamming wagmi wagmi
is there trivia every single day?
Used to live in Brisbane but move down to tas for family
youll get that in abundance. make sure to checkout the other caves and channels as well! our clan is forever growing 
Definitely good on you spreading the intel. Gotta raise awareness what to look for.
Bro dont worry was more on tilt because I was in it and I sick at trivia so theres that
yeah good quality convo here only
Where do I know you from youre not from demonz are you
Is the trivia always the same type of questions
Ikr hahaha my potato phone is not helping
We only like those  and also help the newcomers
cave 2 need a swimming pool inside!!
not really u can check all previous question in triviaquiz
No worries  ur dream is not only a dream now.
i see! the mornings are freezing over there haha
Hahaha yeah but do you mind if I ask what is WGMI or WAGMI? Newbie here
Lmao ! Oi I thought it was just my phone hahaha
I only knew the scooby doo question be because I was scooby one Halloween as a kid 
congrats on OG!! Happy for u bro
Yes I wouldnt wanna paste it too often hahah later get flagged by mods but I feel that everyone.. should read it. Especially what has happened recently
I actually cant believe my dream came true
Bro I know you from another discord Ive gone blank
Congrats bro! Hopefully they can recognise me 
Thanks brother for the info! New short form word learnt
hahah welcome to the green club ! 
I hAd a dream onCe  me next pls Im lovely
where bro HAHA im in alot of servers
Youre not the only one bro hahahah6087sAdPePe
we need a swimming pool in cave 2 and make cave 2 the cooles cave ever 
Congrats mate !! Your dream came true 
Bro this is fully tripping me out
Yes  hopefully that was helpful 
visual swim your dream is now my dream sir
Hahaha too funny  its Alg cause I sucked at it anyways 
MODS I hope its okay if I paste that!!
keep being helpful we will get there
Grats mate! Hope youre enjoying your moment!
Like nah what other discords you in
loving the positive spirits here
yes I am already loving the vibes here. so many helpful people!
But its okay  I know the mods are watching over me 
Hahaha surely we need that upgrade
Yah its lagging so much6087sAdPePe
You can click on his profile and see servers you are both in
Not my server but Im in a few others yes. This is my favourite one tho 
If its not maybe ull get banned
3000 spots 300 taken. Easily most of us going to turn green
FR. only 10 down. long way to go still
I hope so  but I mean the community is great here anyways
I think there are some people who just copy and paste repeatedly
Bro crypto duckies how tf where did you hear of that one
me but not totally fan i always watch one piece everyweek
we in before the rest. We will be WL before them lets go
Im curious how they are gonna give the other 90 away
Its time to change phone hahahahaha
Yall catch wind of that 60m rug
Yeah all we talk about is durian
we just need a few more giveaways and pray 
Yeah bro saving the money now hahaha
from activity giveaways art contest  Twitter ! plenty of ways !
which one are you talking about?
For sure man are you a manga reader?
Literally too many to name but trust this is the only discord you wanna be in its the best
when u wake up cave 2 have a swimming pool and golf yard
Im praying right there with ya bro
Earn money and buy a new phone hahahaha
I do watch the Anime only cause I like it in video form more. The animation are damn nice
we need to put a door with a password for our cave only cool person can enter
Yeah i know but yesterday they gave away like 100 spots. They want to release in two weeks 14  100  1400
fireup ogupGood morning Wyvern Fam icedown silverdown
I am more of the manga reader its super lit now 
Where my cave 2 vibes at Im tryna make connections with yall
Morning mate ! Have a great day ahead
the 200 first from leaderboard dont forget  twitter giveaways that havent started
Really?  Im waiting for the animes episode to 1000. Heard that the manga is reaching its climax now
Hey just woke up hanging out in discord now what u up too
Its good night for me  but sure hahah
I just wanna ask a mod if I should be talking in other groups or if its fine that I stick in cave 2?
earn money and buy rtx series lol
They are always watching should be fine
hahahaha ill get the cheaper one lol
I just rly want this WL man Ill do whatever it takes
Yo I hear we got a pool in this cave? 
Amazing seems like its buzzing in here 
Good good just came home from some golfing 
Gonna bring the dog for a walk now
Anyone else smoke in here gonna have my morning blunt soon
Yeah man the climax its gonna be super lit
Nah man I am from Singapore. You from aus ?
Patience friend  and all good things will come!
the dog bring you for a walk doggoo is 
please thumbs the art in fanart to help get them added to server! firecolors
just chat and by no time you will get WL believe bro!
Getting some food and chilling gotta keep an eye out for giveaways they end quick 
The anubis dao one thats gota be a record haul
Were in this for the long term anyways
Eh bro nice to see you my neighbour
Yeh I believe I just dunno if I should start talking in the other chats too Im so addicted to cave 2
you got this man! keep on pushing
Yeah brother Im from aus normally when I stop at Singapore I love seeing The airport
we have swimming pool here and we built a golf yard
Thanks for making talking to you guys easy youre all awesome 
Ill be with you here tonight lets get it
They do end quick I missed so many while sleeping lol
Yes we are defo  wanna see how this project turns out !
I love aus man especially the country lifebgahahah
i dont think it will matter that much tbh. too much conversations to keep up with.
Art great community more amazing. Know we said this before but its facts
You should come down to Gold Coast amazing holiday youll have
we need candy guyss who can give patrik some? he is about to be a cave 2 gang!
hey cave 2 nice to meet yall which cave is better xD
we need more wyvern hype in here guys and gals D!
We just need diamond hands now 
Oh if I get WL Im holding and waiting for MOOOOON
cave 2 have a swimming pool and wifi
I wish man  right now is near impossible hahaha really hope the government is able to open up a travel bubble between aus and sg
Pretty well and chilling in this great Community
Gonna eat some peanuts brb then Ill b here for like 30 mins  hour and Im off to bed and will be back tomorrow xx
woaah and i heard theres a bbq and a theatre too?
Me too man.  Defo this for the long run  wanna see how the game turns out
we are all family no comparison
Gm cave 2 and dammit I missed the quiz by a few minutes
Ahhhh my bro gonna go sleep on me soon
hahah im just making fun competition xD
Yes but oh well there is always a next one
We will be here waiting for you sir !! 
ArmandoB theres always more chances
Yeah for sure goodluck with next one!
Malaysia never been to the us but always wanted to go!
anyone here plays axie infinity?
we are going to build a city in cave 2!
Yes thatll be great hopefully next year itll happen
I want to get into it. Any recommendations on starting out
Floppindix69 yeees hopefully im here for the next one and thank you Aron
this gas is... finish the sentance
I started like 2 weeks ago and im at 1600 mmr
Dont know what breed is but hes a nasty one
Just keep the notifications on and you will be good to go
Never been there either I wanna travel for sure
yeah I just missed it to. But will stay active for the next one
Problem is that I was sleeping and woke up like 10 mins later 
i also have like 4 scholars rn If you want to get a good competitive team youre looking at like 700 usd
Thats plain unlucky man  its ok there always next time
stay active and we will get chosen
Ikr been so long since we could travel so many places I miss visiting 
Hahahaa yes anyways what kind of questions are asked in the quiz?
schnietseks  played Marci yet? Sooo broken
Yes mate stay strong and active!!
ahh. I might look into it soon. Guides on youtube resourceful?
You can go to triviaquiz and have a look at the questions !!
Yeah they need to patch it haha
Hes cute but dangerous and naughty
check previous question triviaquiz
Hard but its okay there will be other quizzes you might be good at
Tiring day bro. Went out the entire day.. just got back home and set my kid to sleep. How was yours ?
Hahaha some dogs are naughty but their cuteness is enoght
Oh oh nice did not know they stayed thanks Patrik and Floppindix69
I wanna travel when Im rich enough too tbh
there is not a particular youtuber i watched but i would definitely check all the gameplay mechanics and maybe the top 100 teams atm. Also i would make sure you dont pay too much for bad axies. you search for specific combinations at a site called axiezone
schnietseks  yeah 1 played one game and just dominated with her
time for next quiz. This time im prepared
Yeah man just ask if you need anything else !
So youre a father hows it like being a father?
Anyone have nft YouTube recommendations I could follow?
Youll get there eventually where do you wanna visit most?
Honestly hasnt been on my mind since Im not there yet hbu?
hello heloo dear  where u from btw?
why russian channel is closed? could u open it please
Yea man I am! Hahah its a whole new ball game bro different people different experience you must experience to know hahah
hello everyone whats up im back
Japan big anime fan and I love the culture and food
Thanks lad only thing I need rn is ETH to hit 5k 
Im sure you can  some of the devs !!
yeah they are super helpful. Ask them or mods anything
brother im young but is it fun having kids
damn thanks for all the info. I will make sure to not overpay for the low tier axies. might reach out for more tips
It is! It is also tough brobut most rewarding thing in life
Not a big anime fan but I deff do wanna go there since theyre so advanced in tech I wanna seehow thats be like
ohh neighbor! from philippines here 
aight goodluck bro feel free to dm me if you want to know anything
Whats the best thing to do with your kids
You got whitelist for swampverse?
Ah I didnt get that wish I did tho
No problem sir have a good day !
Yeah their tech is amazing so far ahead from everyone
Nah not like that  but what do you and your kid have in common
Sorry g going travelling around the outer region tomorrow with fam gotta be up in 9 hours
I see stuff in movies and Im so intrigued lol
What do you think about the project?
cool imo  a lot of opportunities for growth
No worries haha I hope you have fun! And safe travels too ! Hope to see you pop in here and there when you can bro
Ahhh I was planning to watch that
its a good project same criteria to this one handpicked also
yea u should watch it ! its not bad
Yeah true art looks really cool
Poking my head in cave 2. Hey yall 
Doing great mate!! How about you?
its so much better than black widow movie in my opinion
Yeah I was blown away by how they integrate tech to simplify their daily lives
hey mannnnn whats good this is the most lit cave in here
Cave 2 first timer. Im not bias towards any cave I swear 
WOOOW really!? I heard its very good so Im planning to watch at movie theatre
yes thats the first req but when i got there the reqs are being active
Why cant we all just do the same smh especially poor usa
im like 5 hours in this chat non stop chatting xd
Boston. Living in North Carolina now though. How about you ?
Damn from the other side of the world sir  I am from malaysia
Be back guys need to take a shower first
actually more than 5 hours just not typing 247
I been in cave 1 all morning.. I figured I better come back to cave 2 and see what was going on in here.
black widow movie is really boring in my opinion hahah but shangchi is good
Its a nice way of making a community weeding out the people who would potentially bring harm to the project etc smart moves.
Making communities before launching the product is the meta now 
emvad always good to meet people man
Haha me too I wish we had that kinda tech here but i know their banking system sucks so we got that going for us
Yah the plot is kinda boring compare to others marvel movie
im on cave 3 mainly chatting just checking other caves as well now
Hahahaha where else u wanna travel too?
Thanks ! Hes a sweetie as well in terms of personality
If you see someone suspicious ki dly report it at reportabot
Its cool to jump into new rooms and get some new conversations going!
Bro when in  malaysia you from bro
sure mate will keep an eye out!
Wazup fam you goind alright! Great saturday for you guys
oh timer in this chat is much higher than timer in the cave 3
Wow I just realized there are multiple cave ahhaha
you too man! having a beer with me and chatting
Yes bro a Boonji! Sharp eyes haha
Maybe Bali? Insanely cheap but so much fun
Yes there are cave 123 haha and chill cave
i gotta chill at chill cave i guess
Looks great yeah did you minted it?
I am doing great. How you doing man?
Nahhh bro I got it off secondary haha I got lucky I guess
thank youu so we are going to have swimming pool in cave 3 as well or is it just cave 2
 we worked hard but our mods work harder
Nah Id defffff wanna to go bali tooo!
Thanks brother. Ill be sure to pop in as much as I can gotta get those lvls up tomoz
Its not the level its the quality! 
Just chilling and chatting hahaha
Good morning guys! I slept for 16h today and Im still not sure how 
they are super informative and helpful
Yeh ik but I wanna hit lvl 10 its like an OCD thing I do it in every discord Im in haha
Yeah man go there with friends and youll have the time of you life
anyone else here played ark survival evolved and had a wyvern
emvad but I mean how it is over there man
Which is the best cave?! leonardodabitchi  foofeethefeefoo
Oh we dont got those around here haha
Thats cool regardless of the project you just grind the shit out of it. Grinding in discord bot like will be a well payed job soon enough lol
second is where u find all the cool kids
Hahahaa why isit? And u are in cave 2! Or u guys are chatting at both?
hey mate appreciate that you always talk to me haha. did you have your dinner?
Right after the public mint I saw it went to as Low as 0.3 man
Had to compensate for the past week of sleepless nights i guess laugh
Yea man not sure why. But many paper hands lol I am keeping mine !
Its good over here man. How about you ?
what was it that u stayed up for
Hello good morning ! How are you !
Finally off work gentlemen and ladies
no prob man! yeah im done eating dinner you?
paper hands are the worstttttttt
Yeah am in just chilling and working and being on discord
congrats! now you can chill and vibe with us in here
Yea they bring down the entire projectzzz but price will stable down sooon
Friends? Haha you gotta make some in discord then 
it hardly rise again after the paper hands spoiled it
hahahaha i just took a 2 hour nap
He bites everything in the crib
done eating also had some grilled fish haha
dont forget to take a rest! health is wealth
Alotof netherladns  AMsterdam  ?? 
oh yeah thats why so you have a lot of energy to stay out late tonight
Hello sir welcome back !! How was work
What u think Im doing! Haha also gonna send u a friend request. Can be my friend and. Ill be yours whenever we need discord invites 
Look at JF  it became sablised after awhile
I was living in Eindhoven last year. Came back to Portugal since covid got worse
Ive just been chatting here for most of the day and then code at night for my company
No dogs are ugly mate they are a heavenly god gifted creatures
but other projects got affected badly
Bro take it easy man  get some rest and come back
idk this city but  was fall in love amsterdam  Buldoog was great !
Whats your guys favourite dog breed
waar zijn de Gekoloniseerd boys dan
Yeah I dont mind send it my way Im been really busy lately so not much invite grinding but I definitely wont miss this project!
Cave 3 man cave 1 is super fast
I guess this is quite subjective  Boonji has 100 over K
I knw but my dog really ugly  but hes kinda  cute ugly 
Oh yeah I just dont have capital rn so Im picking wisely what projects to spend my money Ive learned a lot in this space with flops lol
i hope i am cuz they get paid well
everythin alright man whata bout u?
Sup Pepe King feeling great. HBU?
Pretty good man its night time here
Markets not doing too good coins are pumping so people moving their crypto over there instead wait till coins slow down then youre in for a good time
good morning folks unfotunately missed the trivia and giveaways last night
its night time in my country too where did u come from?
oooh nice! its milkfish am i right?
yes i am from rice gang country
Some magic mush room clubhouse!
DoctorPwnz puff which team are you rooting for
Sup Malaysian! Same country here
Ayyyyy  more Malaysian  there were like 10 of us here earlier bro but good to have you
c9! haha nah id like to  see t1 win. you?
Yeah for sure man ofc not selling nothing for a loss so doesnt matter
yeah same i think that DWG is going to win but ii hope T1
I dont care tbh . I guess im with SKT if i had to choose 1
Hey. For info check out announcements. If you are wondering about WL check out whitelistinfo many opportunities
yeah  they are really good too. just like watchin tho
Why is the lock hanging on the Russian chat channel?
Welcome all new wyverns Plz checkout announcements  and look forward for giveaways and triviaquiz  these will help for more chance to get wl spot
leonardodabitchi bro I think we met earlier 
Its okay ! Keep your head up high and keep trying to be helpful and u wont need to rely on the trivia and giveaway !
Yeah thats good do you invest in coins too?
Oh nice so is like night time ova there right ?
Oi naaahhhh ! Your dog is cute !!!
Omggggg HAHAHAHAHAHAHA its cute lahhhh
He don even let me take a good pic 
Maybe can try and  the devs !! 
leonardodabitchi welcome back man  you had dinner ?
nice pic i can said hhahahahahahaha
yup life goes on. whats everyone up to this weekend?
Bro I had dinner quite early at like 630pm sir  
Am ? Right here is verly saturday
is the chat levels not working or what
what did u have for ur dinner mate
Yeap well work and after the watch some ufc
how does it feel being OG?? well done man
I had money in ada sol ETH but honestly nft took over and transferred it all to ETH. Addiction at its finest
how does it sound if my girl and I release some fan art daily?
You can have the og role if ur active
xp has been paused for 24 hours  look at how poppin it is even so. very strong community
Hahahaha still very cute for me
mira.dumpling3180 Im good what about you
Feels great just always be active here and always read the announcement and join the giveaways
wow there are so much caves uwu
i like to drip dark soy sauce on it
Bro klang quite far leh summore jam 
make sure to always check the announcement and always join in the giveaways
Oh damn at what time your planning going to sleep
yes broooo the best sauce to eat with
im so hyped for the fight today such a solid card. who you got? jan or texeira?
I tot OG is the first 500 come in?
I love the dry one and then additional side order the soup damnn
Yeah i know bad ass card jan all day and you
hmm nothings new man still grinding hard
i dunno but so envy with the OG hahahaha
just realized we hit 10k already wtf. we almost doubled overnight. way to go team!
Hahhahahahaha thats a good one like until my eyes close i would be here hahah
yo i feel you man once you start you cant stop everyday asking any mints today?
FatMeow bro I just had the dry one bro damn good
Wish I got Og role woulda came so quick
Yeah no joking around an amazing project getting the attention it deserves!
wyvern emoji lovers. icedown iceright iceno iceparty the next set has been sent to fanart please support with a like!
THeres still 2.7k spaces for the WL 
OG wyverns is for the first verified 500 members who joined the server
Lmao yeah but Ive toned it down since I started. Cant just ape into everything
HAHAH plus  its not like I have work tomorrow so its okay 
Bah kut teh  yau zha guai   for me
yeah same dont really have a favorite team
whats your favorite part about it? i love the mmorpg gamification. its so ambitious that its impossible not to support it. so much potential if pulled off right!
yes OG is OG and we are not huhu
Oh yeah ofc we gonna make it bro no worries
Yeahh thats what I know for it really good to know earlier 
Hahhahh well thats true im going to do the same tonigh staying up
Yao zha guai dripping in the soup  heaven
Chimaevs the hardest to call... SandhagenYan will be an incredible Banger... Sandhagen didnt go for the finish against Dillashaw so I think hes gonna come mad but Yan is a monster
Ayeeee ! Thats the one ! Lessshgoooo
Man its almost 10pm I am still hungry hahaha
Yes mate omg its so good I cannot
Definitely the future gamification of the NFTS and the BREATH token we will be able to earn just by holding them. This is not a flipping project!
Yeah true that gotta get some gainz first
Chimaev is a bad ass his going to go there with everything i think yan would kill him specially the way he lost his bell
Chilling and enjoying my night at home
But i have to work today so it would be until later on
Yeah well we havent seen much of Chimaev he could be burnt real fast
Oh ! Haha I guess you try fit it in where you can !
Dont worry there are still ways in getting a wl spot
Nice  I watch it time to time whats on tmr ?
This chat pumps me HAhha im ready 
Well thats true but i think he have the champ skill and condition shouldnt be a problem he dont need to cut that much weight
Yeah i would be still here while im at work but not as active inwould like too
cave 2 gang make some noisee dont lose with cave and cave 3
I think another one very good is imx bears but this will easily over take that
Yep youre right... i was talking about the hype being burnt... its gonna be his 1st real test and in a big PPV well see how he manage things
islam is a beast! love watching him fight! hes gonna be a problem real soon
You should miss tonigh is goong to be a good event
I just started recently so didnt get into many my fav I have is crazyskullznft
Its at 2PM est cause theyre in Abu Dhabi wich sucks lmao.. gonna buy the PPV and dont go on any social medias
Coach Greg yeah i left that tbh
Oh yeah i dont think so the hyped my end by ppl but i dont think so on him he would go out there and show whats his made
Blachowich vs Teixeira... a good ol man brawl
Oooooo blachowich is back ? Damnnn
Thanks Bro  u are so motivated man
Yeah hes been pretty much hyped on social medias thought with his 1 punch KO last year lol... wich was his last fight
His already a problem no one want to fight him all this yr that how you know his a bad mf
Yeah man more chill than cave 1
Are you learning to code tho? I can help u out if you need
Jan vr teixera i dont if i spell riight
Islam is fighting Hooker next week nov 6
For some reason I dont like him but he is a beast
Yeah their doing lots of work on the project just waiting for big hype to come!
positive vibes  swimming pool party. only cave 2 gang
Jan is back quick man  but he was very good against Israel
Positive vibe to the moon !! lets do this
I dont even know why Teixeira is fighting for the championship he is like 45 
lets see how it goes wish u nothing but the best on that bro!
Its an MMA mixed martial art promotion
Yeah i remember how he know his ass out he was talking all the shit and bomb got his ass knock out in seconds haha
HIV positive vibess oh wait were talking about a different positivity oops
Why is that man he does what he say he would do i like that
take the food talk to food  pls
Idk is like the vibe I dont like. 
Feeling great! Everyone is good here
have u seen the premier league table? arsenal is in 5th. this is not right 
im so full its 12am. Just had my guinness
I dont know how to swim haha lol
Hahhahahahah i agree but his been on a good strike and is no more competition on the division i guess thats why they gave him another chance
Really good man  Finally have some time off to chil here and make some fan art. Houw bout u?
FatMeow Glad to hear youre doing fine  Wher u from
Wow! Im from Malaysia HBU mate?
Yeah but I feel he would loose right away 
Yeah i like it i use to do mma thats why and on f1 i dont really whatch it it seems kinda boring doing to many laps i like but drag racing
Hellloo everyone!! Im back after some rest
Yeah man Im hoping for the best what are some cool projects you own now?
Well as longest he dont get hit with damn basukas fron jan he should be okay
Welcome back where have you been?
hmmmmmmm theyre all doing pretty shit rn haha but i love dope wars i beleive in this one and i got it for free but honestly holding a lot rn
Just finished some work and grabbing some coffee to chill with u guys here
Positive vibe until we get WL !
Thats awesome i love Malasyia. The country is in lockdown?
Hahaha for me drag racinf is boring but everyone has their taste
No no no... keep up the positivity is good but not for that one
Hahaha agree hopefuly is a good one
How was it man? Enjoy your rest
Never heard of that what does it look like
The lockdown has over for 2 months business is back
Yess trust the positive vibe !!!
Yeah i know thats what makes a good world imagine everyone with the sahe taste
10k gaaang u better stay with cave 2 gang!!
its literally just text words on jpegg hahah what are you holding rn?
It was Amazing!! But i really miss chatting and so i get back to this community ASAP
ask me if u have question! hope i can help. cave2 gangg is real
Yeah i think jan would stay there for a long min just like jones did
Lol this feels like mini clans getting ready for battle with their wyverns
Yeah its really suffering for the past 3 months lockdown
woh whitelist increasing again from 317 to 319. whoo is the lucky guy 
Welcome back enjoy your time now  where are you from?
hopefully i will get 1 after this
ive learnt some but i quit learning cuz i didnt have the time! thanks for offering tho really appreciate it mate
Is so crazy how the project is growing just 12 hrs ago it was only 6.5k and now we to 10k lfg
you will my friend stay activee
they were the giveaway winners i guess !
ye brother never give up! keep grinding
what are you curretnly holding?
Ohh haha I see another one that I have that I feel might be good its called hidden genesis genesis collection that intends to have great utility
I just started but I am waiting for a couple of free airdrops
one of the best looking project i swear cosmicwyvern
Yeap those are the top 2 among the top 10 for the trivia quiz
many more to come another give away incomingg
Wayy fromm indonesia this nft world and incredible project bring us together here as fam
its about dragons what else u need!
Yeah hope to become one of the lucky WLs
Smol brain  smol bodies  evo snails  valhallaverse
we will get it as soon as we grind hard  fingers getting tired liao
Yeah there was no marketing for those
Wow we already have 10k members thats crazy!!! To the moon we gooo
be careful with free im holding free ones that are trash but dope wars is amazing!
Yeah fairs man thanks for the advice 
I think Im still a bit high from last night!
bro i was on white list that guy is sus man i left a long time ago  ddint mint
Whats the difference between cave 1 2 and 3?
yeah even if its like 20 in gas sometimes not even worth it bro
nothing its just that its not too chaotic in 1 channel
No worries youre always free to DM 
Just different channel to chat in 1 is the move active 2 and 3 are more chill
just DROPPED biggg fanart please GIVE it some loveeee
Hahaa.. its so hot here that you need 3? coolz
Haha yeah very little info but Im just going in with some faith so hoping for the best
praying for u im in something similar to that called mystery
But its pretty hype wl all full and everyone trying to get in as well
Icic.. but still 30 sec timer is brutal...
ok cave 2 looks a lot more chill than cave 1
ye its the lit one and cave 3 is new
but do all of them have 30 sec cooldown?
for sure bro wish u nothing but the best! just m exereinces the only free one that did good for me is dope wars havent sold any yet
glad im switched here in cave 2 lol
indeed cool people here and so are you
Huh my dinner your supper hahaha
please drop some reaction to my hard work in fanart  I spent MANY hours it will be much appreciated thankss
i just did the same a minute ago cave 1 is crazy
cave 2 is the wave bro been the wave
yep just wait till xp is enabled again
Yeah tbh fp isnt doing too bad lots of dedicated supporters of the project
Yeah i can imagine man. I wish you and your family good blessings man stay healthy and safe
u too my fren all are good member here !
Mannnz youre  making the internet such a wonderful place love the ve vibes
Damn did someone stole others art piece?
Coach Greg  no exp and still so active? Niceee..
Nameless the lag to answer one.. haha
scummy moves idk why people even try to steal art. theyll get caught everytime
Hey everyone hows it going ? 10k wewt!
Not sure saw it at the announcement by ShihTzu
R3ducer yeah there is no one who could beat Jan now and sorry for late response had to drive
any backstreetboys fan here?lol
I hope the team notices me at some point
Enjoy engaging regardlesscof the timer
I made some good friends while engaging and this is a great community to be  part of
Thats true but if no cool down it will be super crazy
Is okay safety first . I know it would be some one on a couple of yes
I just dropped 3000 word piece with a drawing in fanart section it took me HOURS just please take 3 seconds to give it a reaction thanks guys would meaaan a lot
Wanted Israel to beat him but oh well haha
Please check the new announcement at announcements
Sure will do and appreciate your hardwork! Hope your artwork will be listed on this dope NFT!
Yeah man me too  I think on feet isreal could have beaten him  Jans takedowns are too op
The entire principle of this community is authenticity and honesty great job guys. Truly building something worth value
no this is not bearsx this is different
Im fine bro here chilling with our homie
Yeah! Make it like its your best one
ye bro im in dope wars!!! so fire
nice keep it up and dont forget to have fun while u do it!
Hi lads and lasses newbie in here the place looks hella nice
so whats everyones plan for the day
Aye from Singapore here its actually night time so going to get ready to get some shut eye
There are plenty! Lets be active and helpful for the community
yup! Presale spots are STILL open. 2600 spots remain
The different caves thats speedrelated right?
hi sir MagnusDrake i lost my og role im quite confused because im quite certain that i had the teal coloured og role
cave 1 is a little slower as there are a lot of people on it
please guys I took so many hours if you like my art please react to it I was WRITING for houuurs here fanart  it is so MUCH aprreciated guys
We are a strong community guys !!
Check out whitelistinfo for more details and keep notifications on for giveaways and triviaquiz for more opportunities!
Yeah i try to help newcomers as much as possible too
next set of emojis up on fanart  please like to support my work and maybe they will be added to the server. iceyes
ahhhhh good night man have a good rest
Looks good mate gave it a like and hope that you will get your WL soon that looked like a lot of effort! great job
thank you so muchhhhh pleasse everyone checkout. fanart I spent countless hours writing that
surely! its so nice to see someone being so devoted in a project  shows the solid community we have here!
Amazing stats what u guys achieved with this project so far 10k in 3 days organic
Quality builds diamond hands !!
we are the strongerstt community than you all for so many nice comments who did not check out please check out fanart my writing i spent CountLESS hours writing that
Hows everyones saturday shaping up?
word! gotta print this and paste on the wall!
just watching some league of legends worlds what have you been up to
I will surely check it out!!! I believe they are here to look out for genuine wyvern lovers 
3rd game in worlds starting boys
AHHAHAH yea! no inflated numbers just for show! 
thank you so much man I need few more reactions please checkout and react ONLY if you like fanart thank you everybody for the support
yeah easier to earn xp and ofc more people to talk to
yep T1 was really good last game
Yeah! Those are quality chats and engagements
Exactly I like having different discussions with different people. I talk a lot lol
ive dropped some reacts! its so good you are surely different from the rest 
yeah all the fights were pretty good engages
Hey whats movie did you guys watch
yes.... finally something worth staying for  hope you enjoy your time here
How did you become mod here? Just curious that is all! Were you working on this project with the team already or were you just one of the first few people to join!
thank you so much everyone who still has not check out please take 3 seconds and drop a reaction if you like it fanart
i heard theres a new venom movie.... havent checked it out yet but i heard its good
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend nubbad just popping by kek
I just go back and fort to 3 caves. and yeah im becoming more talkative now hahaha
yeah true hope they can do it 2 more times
Everywhere I go I see u  ok this must be the next moon project
yeah not just talking non sense but real conversations
Yeah. The mods and developers are doing a real great jov here
Idk Im waiting for Spiderman movie
yeah this will rocket to the sky    
I mean all the people here are real people tho so it makes us fun to chat and discuss something
ahh okay if T1 gets 2 wins we will i think cus damwon is 2 good
very true. the most active admins Ive ever seen. they are always watching us
Hey guys theres a giveaway quickly join so you have a chanfe of being WL !!
guys giveaways is ready! make sure you all join and goodluck all 
good luck boys  giveaways enter up
yeah genuine conversation is the way. enough of spamming haha
Hey Cave 2 fam. Discord is exhausting isnt it 
hey nice to see you again bro how u feelin
GOOD LUCK guys for the Giveaway!
Yeahh hey remember to hit those giveaways .. Maybe youre the lucky one
Its okay we here with nice people so it doesnt feel like a real grind anymore
right now they turned off xp so if you type you wont rank up just wait till you can gain xp again my friend 
Lets goo! Hope to get chosen to be WL
feeling lucky bro i might win this haha 
Have a look announcements  admin stop xp for 24 hours
Imagine how nice it would be to secure a spot to this incredible community already by a giveaway bot! Insane 
haha i wish i could say the same
today they locked the rank tomorrow they will open it keep chatting bro!
please guys I spent countless hours of writing take to 2 sec to drop a reaction if you like it here is the link to messagehttpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862605904003399773737040 means a lot guys
 yeah ikr my friend win his wl from giveaway
not above the rank just be active and chill in here
guys if were new can we not enter giveaway?
Bonkers What a time we live in. Love how fair it is though cant complain
15 minutes to enter the giveaway
Be hopeful yeah dont loss any hope 
Good luck to all ! But especially to those who have never won any giveaways before like me 
thats what i said in cave 3 lol
Yeahh i mean the giveaway is fair and the mods are checking if its real people... I mean they really serious about the wl .. You can get it to by being active and helpful bro. You will green before you know
hahaha cause we are in the same team 
guys giveaways is ready! make sure you all join and goodluck all 
Best of luck to you all in the giveaway!!
YO84NL  gone jump on a call thanks for the chat!
finally caught a entry to the giveaway
There are still many ways to get wl 
Is there a difference between the three caves?
please guys I spent countless hours of writing take to 2 sec to drop a reaction IF YOU LIKE it here is the link to messagehttpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862605904003399773737040  thank you for all of your support
oh snap anotha one i just entered gl!
Yes we do imwaiting for xp to be turned on lol so maybe I have a chance at the gibawag
just joined the server I liked the sneak peeks and the terms of wl sounds cool
how many times do you want to spam it the discord?
yeah man we r on it together grinding and we will get it!!!
Yeahhh!! Hope you having fun here mate yay
bro I spent 5 hours of writing I dont want it to go unnoticed do you realise the time it went into that
Morning ! Remember to join giveaways
Its very early and I think all of us just keep active and will get WL
come to different caves bro ! chill cave is still the most chill haha
You still stand a chance bro just be active in here
Just seaching the best channel for my interest
Thanks buddy good meeting u here How are you doing this weekend?
So many different conversations
BELIEVE in the giveaway guys! goodluck lets go guys
Thats the mentality you gotta keep man! We really are so early snd just be a good community member. Not difficult if youre real
Sorry for the typo hahah just excited hahaaha
firescrollright icescrollright ogscrollright silverscrollright
yeah I get that but  50  of your messages are promoting your art you really arent  engaging in the community man
Damn. I even cant catch any message in cave1 bc people is so insane
love how there is more then one place to chill lol
That is for sure speed Positive vibes as well 
Can I still participate in giveaways even tho Im whitelistedm theyre so fun lmao
grinding since 2pm aus time now its 1am
lol i actually didnt know i couldnt use caps or 5 emoticons in the chat xD Wanted to hype ppl up for the WL but messages didnt get through haha
Yea im saying they active but right now theres no xp
Cave 2 is just fine without fast messages popping
Thanks was nice chatting with you 
hahaa fr you can switch  check another vibe
I was engaing in the community for 5 hours straight writing that and im done imma promote it later maybe 2 more times and im here chatting chill bro I cannot risk 5 hours to go into waste
Me 11am Malaysia time til now 1016pm
no problems mister! i hope us can get some luck for the GA haha
I banned from chinese channel bc I post message when they muted for 6 hrs. I need to wait 6 hrs Then I can back to Chinese and talk
haha they can get a bit excited sometimes
omg im from sg usual minting times really bad for us eh
Yes sir  nice pfp did you minted that?
right Im not actually stressing myself out of getting to top 200. Better to stay active contribute and be helpful. The admins will surely notice us by doing this and might handpicked us for WL
Make sure you have met the requirement so that we will not have a reroll
Arent you even tried hahahahhaab
Good evening sir how is your day  please notice me 
hope I win this one gonna be sick
Make sure to enter the giveaways
OMG yes it is very difficult for us. Check out the singapore channel below as well if you wanna have a convo with other singaporeans!
hi bro u need some rest man uve done a great job keeping this community hype and positive its okay for u to sleep man! u deserve it!
Goodluck with the giveaways all! Just a few more mins
gl to everyone in the giveaways
right waking up at 5am almost every night rn
genuine participation in chat and all
You can check it here whitelistinfo  we will check if the winner is engaging in the community
Grinding hard my boy! You deserve to get a spot
oh just click on emoji giveaways
I never get reward from giveaway. So sad.
yup they will they are watching
Yep only approve 100 organic things 
Make sure to join the giveaways  and read whitelistinfo
3 winners this time we all in with a good chance
Did you minted mutant cat then?
Already done for the past days mate 
ok guys  im happy af that im green  and i had a lot of fun doing the art yesterday ill do another one just for the fun  will post it later stay tuned guys image0
I know that but it gets annoying try too get a conversation with people because now u are spamming a lot
Hope we get it together! See you on the top!
WE ALL GOT THIS guys! lets go fam. join the giveaway if you guys havent 
make sure you have enough messages and dont miss out guys!
Join almost all the giveaway but got no luck so far 
Cant wait buddy... Your pfp is dope 
Gm please enter the giveaway if you havent already giveaways
be active in the community! helpful too!
very well such a sick vibe here
Thanks man so kind of you  I will have a rest soon  same to you bro take some good rest and don forget to drink some water yah
yep. goodluck for the giveaways
i stopped bro I invested more time in this project than most of people ON PAPER WRITING stop talk to me about spam bc some of yall want to get wl for typing we going to da moon i put hard work effort and time r
it just started no need to loose faith tbh
Goodluck all get this giveaways !!!
if anyone needs help with NFTs or minting feel free to ask em
You deserve it too  lets get it together
guys giveaways is ready! make sure you all join and goodluck all 
alright thanks for the heads uo
join the giveaways to get a chance to be part of the whitelist! lets gooo
For any people new here. This project is really early. All of us have chance to get WL. Just keep active and help others. If u are good at drawing. U can post ur pic in fanart
Will there be another quiz today?
what nft projects are you guys on?
i think there is only 1 per day
I hope theres another one today. I love quiz much
okay but typing to get whitelist takes also a lot of time take that in mind
Mannnn i love this community! so active! keep it up fam!
Damn nice man that project looks great
yeah love this community. How are you?
There are more and more people who join the giveaway contest few days ago it was only a few like maybe 700
I cant wait to get a green name
Dont worry guys we will win the next givewaway
Chilling and enjoying the community 
Someday a nft giveaway will be mine
thats it man how did you find this project
They all are just long odds literally 1 in a few hundred
Hahahahaha defo man always !!  
foofeethefeefoo hope to be winner next time
tbh I have won 1 but it was super early
lets just keep on engaging and dont forget to enjoy
Through YouTube videos man what about you?
Yes dont we all like durian Floppindix69
Dang nice but now its not so easy
Grinding with a cigarette is da best
I am doing niceeee! sad about some meme coins I need to be more degen xd! how about you
foofeethefeefoo as long we keep helping each other we can be in WL
Dont worry guys. You still have chances
not yet i dont think any of them have messages
Wow! Members increased a ton since last night
Yea send some positive vibes to this community and youll be the next winner 
Damn i dont see me getting a spot whitout been on the top 200
Does it normally take this long to confirm winners?
If u guys saw the roadmap. U will know wyverns is next hot project. The game is freak awesome
I literally go to sleep and it bumped 34k lmao wth happened?
Yes becuz this community is lit 
not yet but that sounds nice imma research it
foofeethefeefoo yeah man  we gonna get tho broooo
theyre just checking whether they were active in chats
I was going to go out for halloween but NFTs took over
yep its been crazy. ive been here since abour 20003000 members and its wicked to see the community growth. its all organic as well with no invite competitions
Quality community generates quality members!
Be positive and help out. You never know 
hahaha yeah not when i have a goal
Fun bro. Its question and answer of ABCD
Whats the hype about? Sorry I didnt get a chance to read roadmap yet
Yeah man we know what the aim is 
ya man supposed to be made for the tiger king 2 coming out on netflix in a couple of months
damn always missed the giveaway
Got my first 3d printer set up this AM 
Oh im positive but when is not up to you to get a chance is harder because they would just select ppl that they dont get to be as much active for random i have seen it on other projects where they never there and they do something and they would be like you get a spot
L this time but dont loose hope
Damn better luck next time congratulations to the winners
just curious would there be a public sale?
I agree but you cant win everything. Just keep going and have a great attitude 
congrats on the giveaway winners
Hey everyone how we doing today?
Congrats winners! Missed out on this one
Yea I could as well stop entering those giveaway ahahah I got the worst luck out
Doing well man how are you? Chatting at work haha no choice
Congrats to the winners! You guys deserve it!
haha thats cooked ill still invest tho lol
lol. Ive done that before. but no XP today anyway right?
See you tomorrow at 9am aus time gn
Dont give up buddy! As long as we participate we stand a chance!
I know that but you have more control on leveling up then them pickIng you even when you here 247 they dont notice that on my opinion
what kind of work do you do its Saturday
Damn howd you get your whitelist
Correct. Not doing it for the x2 doing it for the community!!! We are purely organic
its okay leb! having the right attitude and mentality goes a long way! you will get noticed by the admins soon i believe
Damn a whole day for real not cool
I assist mentally handicapped adults with day to day activities. Like taking their meds making food for them doing laundry etc. my client is napping right now haha
Hahah thanks man Im trying you keep up the good work bro Im not to stressed about the giveaway I rather earn it anyways
Cool. Prob gonna be a busy day for me anyway. Halloween coming!
why not the mods care about our health they want to give us some rest so that we dont get FOMO and stay up all night
yeah man 100 always feels great to earn something instead of spoon fed
Yeah it suck plus if you level up is not by spamming you still engaging with ppl which is good
Continue to interact with people and have fun!
I got it by interacting and staying engaged in the community! When I first joined we had around 4K members and we are already pass 10k now all in just 2 days! Amazing growth but dont give up man! As long as you stay engaged and helpful the mods and team will see!
Thats crazy 2 days ago was at 4K thats nuts
Happy Halloween man!! Easily one of my favorite holidays 
Hi fam Im back from dinner! Hows every today?
How long did it take for you to reach WL?
Floppindix69 i dont but when you see u dont have the luck your like i wont be a lucky winner the luck is not on my side
dang we are at 10k already so fast
Thats awesome to hear. Im really having I have a chance on this one. TBH I like the way it looks better than a couple other similar proj I wont mention 
and all organic which is insane
Huge growth so far in such a short time
Just follow this persons example just keep being active and helpful and your efforts will pay off !! Congrats on the well deserved WL 
icescrollright Next collection is up on fanart  please support my work with a like! ogscrollright
For sure! And even in NFTland. There are lots of Holloween events.
It was 8k when i got in few hours ago lol
yessir we are going to the moon !!
I understand on there side but is really up to us to stay up or have some rest
So is the whole supply for whitelist
yeah many projects are doing halloween events
nice to see that you help elder people we need more people like you
organic growth is the best growth no cap wpirate
Plus they still get to check you history if you didnt spam
good morning fam! how is it over there?
I appreciate the kind words man
Getting in to the top 200 isnt the only way to get whitelisted there are many other ways to do so  and besides if you are still active in the community you will certainly get noticed by the mods
yeah i know but some of us are to scared that they dont make it and then they get almost no sleep which is bad four our health
So glad for that. I really really really really hate invitebased projects 
How did u guys get a green name
Great bro any plan for weekend?
Keep on chatting and stay active
yeah mate so awkward also due to the fact that I have no one to invite LOL
Love this did you make it yourself ? It looks very clean and professional
keep on pushing man! you got this
Now this is nice!! Tintin can we get this pinned?
Just hanging with the community might go for some mexican actually! what about you? any plans?
DNGYN Its cold. Its like 60 degree fahrenheit
I think i will win the next giveaway just screenshot this
Yeah I feel you man  but dont give up!!
I know right!? Even when I try my hardest I can only get like 5 invites max.
Im in school as well. What are you studying?
Yeah i know is many ways broh but i dont have enough luck to be pick and i have bad experience when it comes on them to select you so i rather level up and make sure i work for that and be a lucky winner with my luck
Be friendly and continue to interact and youll get your name in green as well 
damnn texas be cold as over in Australia its hot as right now
Super young plenty ahead. What you study?
Nice bro. Nothing much might bring my dogs to grooming tomorrow. You have any pets?
Mexican sounds great bro have you ever tried indian cuisine?
dont get disheartened. its a lesson about building the right community a successful project is built from its foundations so theres a method theyre implementing by hand picking the right people so that the project will be a success. If people contribute they will get selected as ultimately a collaborative group will be more successful
DNGYN So you understand. We dont like anything below 70
Tyro economics and business economics
yessir lets just vibe together and well get this WL through our support 
Yeah I hope I can make it. How long have u been on the server bro?
this such a good vibe in here and love chatting
oops i meant hot as sorry typo  WLCC l Febe  no but my missus does have her own pomeranian dog and i love him to death what pets do you have?
Yeah i feel you but watch i would be here and not get lucky i know my luck so i rather get some levls up when i can i work so the time im not at work i try to invest on the community
thanks man i just wake up 30 min ago and prepare to breakfast 
The vibe is real. Where are you from bro
I have spent hours in this community but I would say quality  quantity! We really have a very engaged and diversified group of members in this chat which makes it easy to have meaningful conversation and interaction. I would say generally stay engaged have meaningful conversation and be helpful to others. The team and mods are always around and they will reward people who add value to the community!  We are building something great here and it is worth being part of this project! 
Been on since last night and now this morning doing my best here but its also fun!
weeeyyyyy bear gang assemble! more and more deluxe hands appearing! love to see our furry friends popping up
Aight im gona stay here i think i try my like in giveawaya
Im regret not to stay focus on Bio class in my school day. Bio is fun!
hahah you are early friend! keep the energy going!
alexeynag It isnt. I grew up in New York and have gotten used to no  snow.
fax this community is one of the greatest that ive seen!
best of luck to you as well pal
there is also trivias u can participate there
Whats up fellow Wyvern !! How have you been doing today ?
you still have enough time tomorrow you can grind but people also need some rest and the mods see that so have respect for the mods because i dont see other projects do this
Coach GregHey Coach Greg. Are you a real coach?
This makes me really excited  thank you my friend
I just havent got good experience when is a select and pick is a matter of luck not really that you contribute to community thats why i rather level up when i can
no sorry greg is a fitness youtuber
Dont be disheartened  about not being chosen for the white list remember that there are still spots available ! Keep grinding and try giveaways and quizzes !!
So youre a dog person? I got a poodle poodle mix and a doberman!
Coach Greg That counts. I teach PE
Yeah. You will never get bored chatting with people all around the world with diff culture. You learn something from every convo
heheh i ll be more nice with my omelette d
Good work man ! Keep doing this we need to avoid the scammers at all cost
Nothing much but all is good hoping for the whitelist
Thats fair point  but hard to level up sometimes  so I just try to help community
most of those level up projects fail not long after launch as the people who end up in the projects are typically flippers or arent in the project for the right reasons so the longevity suffers. but i understand your point nonethless
Doing great mate!! How about you?
I bet you do. Its hard to continue something that youre interested in
dog person for sure! i do not like cats at all even tho there is some stray cats around my neighbourhood.  hows the pet life? how long have you had them for?
Quite a fulfilling breakfast ready to grind all morning hahaha
I dont grind broh i just engage and level up the grindes are those who just send some ramdom msg i stay helping i just know my luck wont get pick so thats why i rather be leveling up by stay in convos with the wyverns
im sure the wyverns will need some honey lovers too! bringing the hives of bees will be too tempting haha
Hey nice to meet u bro. Where are u from bro?
just treat the raffles as a bonus and youll be alright my friend
CS is counter strike my friend it is a game. Do you play it?
LOL need some wvyern to get some of that honey
i see that as grinding you can grind by spamming but also by just talking with the people here
Im kot disheartening i know is alot of time but i dont trust my luck so thats why i rather go up and security a spot then taking chances
honey makes the world go round not long now! got my bear at the ready
My friend is playing it hahahah
Well if you put like you trying it would be hard but if you just enjoy the time you wont notice and you would get up there person experience
Feels good to be back from a nice shower
this. facts. love this vibe in here
i made my way into cave 2. PLEASE dont tell cave 3 yall!
Yes I do enjoy my time in chat tho !
DK for me haha Showmaker is new blood gimme that
Anyone got any cuisine suggestions to try ? 
you are not ready for Cave 4 yet 
Yeah i get you im not in the type i just rather security a spot then be a lucky shoot
Cave 1 was moving to fast for me O
I got my poodles since 2013 and doberman since 2016. They are pretty old actually. Old man in human age. haha are u consider getting your own dog?
they already won last year and im for the underdog
I love Chinese and Italian. So good
How long until u get to graduate bro?
Italian gets old for me. Its all just pasta lol
T1 already won 3 times just stop already lol
Oh yeah dont get me wrong im in to all that but i rather security a spot you get me
Yo bro you still here! Hows dinner going?
So..... im fairly new to discord how can i search to find all the posts tagging  everyone? on desktop
10 K organic growth now good job Wyverns!
i would love to! but unfortunately no ones at home to look after them since we all go to work 100 in thje future i would love to. any advice for handling them since you own 3 ?
I never get tired of pasta haha 
yeaa hang in there you got this!!
I am very very good sir  I see you everywhere tbh havent seen you in the Viking server tho
no way we just hit 10k wow thats crazy
Do the different caves have different meanings?
Thats not grinding due thats getting to know the community just like we doing so i guess you grindin right now i just like to meet new ppl
Canada is almost 11am right now?
we are now at organic 10k members congrats team
Yeah. Couldnt get bored with friendly people around!
definitely want to try italian you got any meal suggestions?
but its 5 years ago t1 havent been in worlds for 2 years
Exactly theres definitely a difference but I see what Coach Greg means. You might stray from convo and end up being a little spammy and Ungenuine
Hahaha yea its so good and so easy
Yeah thsts nuts. The amount of hype here is unreal.
Cave 2 is always here for u bro
Good day. What we up to today !
just grinding sir!   and i just have to pick and choose carefully which projects i get involved with running out of liquidity. 66
Four cheese stuffed shells sounds so good right now 
yep it crossed 10k mark without any shitty marketing
Just hunting for good projects while the market is bearish haha
I think there are bots here too. Ppl trying to win the gift and quizzes lolol. I think the admins are checking if people are legit 
yeah thats a good point lets hope we have a 5 game series
If you just have conversations with people for 5 hours how is that not grinding and only the real ones are here cuz there is no xp to be earned
Stop it ! I just had dinner hahah I SHOULDNT feel hungry again lol
qcapalot how you call spamming when you interacting with different ppl and get to know each other
Hey bro ! Hows it going my friend ! 
Who is been waiting for the Presale??
I just woke up so all this food talk has me feeling starved 
i am captain cave 2 welcome guysss
What other projects have you been involved with ?
thanks so much! definitely adding that to my list
Yo lets do our part to blow up their latest tweet yall get more eyes on this project organically!!! We attracting bluechip eyes
CosmicWyverns just posted a new Tweet check it out and follow us.
Discord already hit the 10k mark! No shilling and marketing involved. Pure organic stuff!
Im not saying what were doing is spamming Im saying if someone sits their for 45 hours and isnt interested with whats going on they might end up becoming fake and responding just for the WL type deal. Im cool with it man thats not me but for some people the shit definitely goes from chatting to posting gifs real quick lol
ill let you know when i try it soon!  thanks for the suggestion
Nothing much. Im in NFTs just 3 weeks yet. Ive been flipping solana projects but now solana projects are all bad. Not worth it
haha I told my bro to get a dog with his gf before getting married. So you know who will be doing the babys works. 
Anyway i think is important to have them potty train and teach them not to bite.
So i guess im not real because is no xp and im here and been here already 2 hrs engaging with ppl ? Kinda lost there
We determine the size of this project we the community!!
Good day bro but its raining season here at my area
we have such great mods! love how engaging and funny they are. really couldnt facilitate the community better
Hahaha trying to get you to have the most important meal of the day !
darthquinoa me too man  we miss you over there tho
Yeah me too.. Love the rain tho
Its breakfast time for me and you guys are making me hungrier lol
whats your fav sauce to go with it?
carbonara is delicious but so many carbs lol
yeah i remember when my missus first got her dog her dog would poop everywhere and get yelled at but now his such a good boy only goes to a fake grass patch they bought and poops there or pee there. definitely want to get  a dog soon maybe when i move out
I dont bc I gotta work in wet socks....
Ah i see well welcome to this community my guy. As you see it very lively
I need to get up and get on it then 
damn looks like the project is growing fast 3 general chats lol!
Well thats too bad bro  maybe wet socks gonna bring you to green... Who knows
I love a good creamy Cajun sauce or a homemade Alfredo
Yeah especially sleeping on a rainy night. Comfy af
I get your point i been here already 2 hrs and i dont call grind i just like talking to new ppl and i do this only when im not at work thats why i dont like it because during the time im at work im not active so my chances at less
I wish it was raining here its so hot
youre making me hungry right now hahaha
I love rainy day but not when I need to go out hahaha
Get some food bro! I like to start my day with black coffee
Yeah going out during rainy days suckss
Im going to get something very soon
hanging on discord all day wbu bro
Yesss its important !  which side of the world bro
Yeah when going to beaches raining is a mood spoilerrrr
Ikr dogs are smarter than you can ever imagine! They are like sweet baby that doesnt grow up. What kind of dog u looking to get in the future bro?
I agree with that. The whole levels and invite stuff. Definitely gives some people a disadvantage
its 1am here lol I should probs sleep lol
My stomach is rumbling as we speak lol
guys what is the full supply for that project? cant find it nowhere
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
yeah i cherish them so much. they are precious asf. im hoping to get a pomeranian or husky. they are so cute
I wish i could do that work in a bit and then watch ufc
who puts a pinapple over pizza?
no eating is allowed whilst typing 
ahhhh weekend finally for me time off that means haha
Hey bro we miss u here! Hows the nap going?
how did you guys find this project?
Yoo I cant wait for tonights fight its gonna be so good
Should I add text to this Twitter banner?
sameee but its almost time for me to sleep soon hahaha
Right smack in the middle of the US ser and you?
Yeah specially the invites alot of them are not real
im ready here locked and loaded! will be in here all day
Were one complete different times my guy. Where you from?
Yeah but currently so far the whether are fine during my vacation to islands!
oooh hard call would try it out !
WLCC l Febe Likewise. Im in Houston Texas
the fire one  which is like moving
Yep having a bagel with cream cheese rn
im from singapore which is in a really bad timezone for minting hahaha
Yeah i feel u imma start my weekends Next week
Hahaha same here mate were very lucky hahaha
Is it my internet or is discord a bit laggy
lool good but i did something better. i made a pizza with oil base then i put mozzarella and soft cheese. afterthat i put mango chestnuts and honey on top. its boooommmm
how long has this project been going for?
Bro I dont even have people to invite 
Same man my discord is so laggy 6087sAdPePe
its a thing in NYC try it its amazing lol
Aww Husky  but the fur maintenance arent cheap! I wanted a french but i know they shed .
where is zafira he is missing for some time
Nice! I dont really keep up with boxing
just a couple of days if im not wrong
Hahah me too when they have that i never get wl so i just rather do levels while you get to know ppl you get some lvl
yeah my friend has a husky! i definitely know they like to shed alot so im leaning onto pomeranians more do you like poms?
I miss yall too! The project is cool! But with gas going up ya know 
Were gonna made up a marathon team bro its 11pm here hahahah
ah nevermind Tintin is in the cave. has to be cave 2 gang!
youre gonna be the one needing sleep soon in  a few hours ill be telling you haha!
imagine how laggy it would be if there was only 1 cave lol
Oh i get you it was kinda boring but is getting out ther again great matches are been going so thats why i keep track of it
Do you think gas was better before EIP 1559?
are u guys waiting for the halloween?
Im from Malaysia bro which is half of the earth away from u haha
Right and I trust admins and mods to double back and make sure their chat history isnt just bs posted over and over again
Oh no! So you go to bed when everyone is just getting active 
I dont remember it being as bad for that long
hiii ssupp bro welcome to cave 2. i am the captain here
Are you looking for me? Any problem?
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns Ive never seen it like this
it feels like its all just bs  things are going to improve my... we need imx
Yeah man its not as fast as in cave 1
Ikrrr the chat is going too fast and my phone cant even handle it hahaha
I think were going to break the server
we miss you in the cave 2 this is the coolest cave evaaa
Right plus here even if you get to the top 200 they would still review your history to check if you didnt spam
I have an iPhone 7 lol it cant handle this
Im actually afraid of pom because of the tiny little feet Im scare that i got them hurt... .
I feel for you ser but your hard work will pay off!
Does anyone know when xp will be activated again. CST in the US
Tintin are you popping in to give some WLs as well ? 
Yes the pace is fine and chats are friendly and helpful
yeah the 3 caves really help imo
thanks man! you too hahaha glhff
What are you guys plans in life?
damn those 3  chats are literally booming like all of them
Right I love it!  the spammers 
their tiny little feet are so cute! you wouldnt hurt them haha they are such precious animals
Good thing I got 30 seconds between each type 
Yeah its going hard in Cave 1 haha
darthquinoa yeah man  should come by and say hi sometime
Really? Glad to hear that! This whole community is wonderful
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns I dont know why people arent doing IMX right now.
lmao what is that rage room for? 
Not work from a company or someone hahaha
yahh other discords give you 2 min
I know right. hahahah i added some espresso into my ice blended avocado milk just now. I hope i can last longer than u expected! hahah
I minted Bad Grandmas and MSGP with  and paid like 5 in gas each time
Yeah it is. I agree. I want to be a doctor but I love this crypto world so much
Mine is android phone so its very normal for lagging so much
I agree just look at yesterday got in when discor was like 6.8k and now is 10k and is only a feew on the chats
I mean hopefully not cos we all love this Project
Neighbor bro. Im from Malaysia. Ever visit MY before?
apparently there is a reason behind it but I did not understand it yet
its like opensea but there is no gas fee so it only costs the mint price
ronrivers.eth IMX stands for Immutable X. Its a layer 2 solution the runs on top of Ethereum
haha let me know how u like it!
Haha yes mate love the community here
You guys have been amazing so far keep it up 
you will treat ill people from crypto fractures    just kidding
im from singapore neighbour bro
Will there be a sneak peak today? i really liked the fire wyvern with the vulcano background
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns Thats why Im buying into those projects. Minted a Moody Krow for .05 and sold for 1.25
Thanks for popping in mods  great to see your names back here
Too bad this isnt one Id be able to eat in peace hahaha but its worth it
Make sure to enter in the giveaways seems like alot of people are lucking up.
Right Ive come to realize half of them wont ever hop in chat and the other half of the half will just quit and give up. This project is gonna soar. I cant give up on it!! Team no sleep for next couple weeks 
Yeah bro spend my 2 years there for study hahaha
Yeah i know its cute. But I really afraid that they feet is gonna break. Especially when i got a 2yo at home. haha but every little furball are precious 
wow Ive been here for four hours already its 8 am and time for breakfast and the kids. I have time for one more collection post. please support and like to help them be added. have a great saturday new wyvern friends all around the world! fanart firecolors silvercolors iceparty ogcolors . all art is made from sneakpeek including my pfp!
nothing stopping you from being that
oh yeah i can definitely see that! they are constantly jumping up and down from high places with no fear! and they walk on anything
hellooow i wait almost 2 hours when i want to play in universal studio
Right i know thats why im still here
I want to be a surgeon but its very competitive for women to get that role. Im motivated though
Hi bro hows your day? Im from East Malaysia. Did u checkout the singapore channel? I hope we have a MY channel too
just got here and glad to be here. not in a rush yet just trying to meet some people first but here for the long run!
warning SHOUT OUT TO hypee all the countries here lets see how many PUT YOUR FLAG or write your country 
Its super crazy when its peak period 
hahah i dont mess with coffee or anything messes up my stomach
I know  that you guys are axcited as much as we are but just stay tuned sneakpeek
Yeah Taylors bro in subang hahaha. Where do yyou live?
this is such a strong community
my friends in cave 2 need a MY channel zafira can you please add it? thank you 
Yes... they are everywhere.... that makes u headache but at the same time you have to cherish every moment with them they grow up soo fast 
definitely is! great community with no marketing or shilling and yet they have already build 10k members soon 15k tmmr surely
Yeah glad that you joined the best cave!
caleb youre GREEEEN CONGRATS MY G 
I was thinking the same thing. Its nice to see it
OH shiiitt! I got WL after i fell asleep aPESPogHype aPESPogHype
Why do they reroll so many giveaways? Is it because of bots or do you have to be a certain rank or level or something to win?
Well guys i gotta work see you later
ikr. Maybe we should suggest next time if a mod drop by haha
GG man GG you deserve it bro!! Hope I can get there man
I claim this energy  congrats caleb 
i know.. i remember just seeing them as a puppy and out of no where they get so big!
Omggg congrats  pls share some luck to me
you lazy people no one proud enough to put their flat to my shout out  hapemad
Grats mate !! You deserve it man
What type of questions do they ask in the quiz?
good morning congrats on the color
DeadSocksy this chat always lit
Hows it going guys? Im back had to get some rest
nah I put a post a few minutes ago a shout out to see how international we are
We all deserve it for sure just have to stay active
Oh dang thats awesome man!!! Congrats!
dont worry brotha i aint leaving cave 2 til my homies got it PESSalute
Milk mess up with my stomach early in the morning but never with coffee! The older i get I more i rely on coffee. Ah that sound sad actually. hahaha
congrats to all getting WL  great to see your hard work pay off for helping the community! all great quality people
Ah i live in Kuching bro. Ever been to East Malaysia?
Would love to get to know the team
Yeah thats what its all about a good community is essential in any project
Nope chilling at home after work
Hoping itll happen to me if I dont get it by tonight haha
I wish I had a Booster available ...
FatMeow good plan what do u do for work?
Might go to the creature world event in NYC other than that not much. What about you?
Ive seen you around Caleb. Your name rings a bell
Especially this one will be all WL and 1 per WL
Just so excited to see this project play out more and more. Incredible potential ALREADY lol. This is a bluechip
caleb Congrats bro on the green 
Yall should check out my wyvern!! Hes in the fan art chat!
sure youll get yours soon!! you got this
You can make it too bro! Lets do it
Criu sounds amazing. prob gonna just do a hoop sesh and relax
Not yet. Would love to try tho i have friends from kuching also
Yeah we all have a good chance. Even if I dont get the whitelist at least I got to talk to some cool people so thats fine by me
I have one just now and Im so high rn hahahah
Ikr. What kind of coffee u like bro?
Hoop sesh sounds nice where do you live at? Im in NY
Kopi O is a good kickstart for the morning for me
Bro idk if someone has the same pfp as you or you have been here for 24hrs straight haha
Defo man with game implementation it will be lit  
Not a coffee lover  will headache 
Criu im in the bay area in cali! ive been to ny like once
Man just little doodles are just as much respected. You gotta start somewhere!
Ahh okay nice. I am assuming its warm over there?
Kuching are always here to welcome you bro! What did u miss the most in Malaysia?
Haha we all are bro. I just back like we are the same crew
Criu during the day yes but at night very cold!
the roadmap says that those who are happy Wyverns get on the Wl....
Ah another fellow Malaysian? Long time no go kopi tiam dy
Hahaha I dont think Ill sleep tonight 1314hAePpYypEpE
How cold is very cold to you? lol it gets pretty cold here at night too
For sure man one of a kind as well 
Yeah brother all the way from KL
ive been here for a whileeee lmao i got like 23 hours of sleep and came back glad someone noticed haha
Yeah I can! We got this for sure good luck to you as well ser! 
Kopi O can be Singaporean as well haha 
haha you guys need to relax too!
BladeBK24 bro how do you live with that amount of sleep
I think its already open. People are starting to travel around
cant wait to mint these i hope i get blessed with whitelist
Dang... 30 sec timeout in cave 1
Criu like jacket cold wind blowing hard
Well i cant even do a straight line 
Yeah I completely agree you see the sneak peak they dropped this morning in relation to the game?? Wild man
Oh really? I Didnt know it got that cold over there lol
Where are you from? Been in the nft for long?
Haha seem like  we are having the same online time.
ArmandoB congrats on green bro well deserved moon you go i will meet you here 
Guden haha sleep is for the week out admin said so herself!
Floppindix69 lmao its not like an everyday thing!
Nice bro I met a lot of KL people here in the chat today
I love that! Yes we need more people like you!
Good morning cave 2.  Good to see a few more greenies
Yeah no matter KL or Kuching were the best!
Hahahaha thats nice man keep it up. Hope it pays off
Yeah man im just here to hangout with everyone. Love the project it looks like it has a lot of potential.
Yes but you can go out if you done second injection
Yeah but i bet hes from malaysia hahahah. U like Kopi O bro?
im actually enjoying talking to everyone that also makes it way easier
how is ADMIN doing today?? are they in a good mood? 
The kfc you guys have the fries and chicken for 1.5 ringgit if i am not wrong  always eat that bro
It has the potential to moon and go all around the universe
Congrats on the green man hope you are having a great day
Guden yes she did hahah! so im in here !
Lol... Yeah... Im finding that out
I feel that  you can do some digital art or something. Idk Im just brainstorming
blade active forsure i hit bed at like 2am and homie still on chatting w everyone
Hahaha I miss drinking Kopi with friend at char sut
Yeah from the heart. U deserve to be green soon
GM! Check out my meme if yall havent seen it httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862602903752855121440858
cave 3 is a little better though haha its 15
Oh it definitely is going to go up there so I really do hope I get a chance to mint. I do not plan on selling this one though as I genuinely love the project and believe in it long term
sheesh gotta bring out the tape and coffee then ! haha
Hes legend bro Ive seen him all day long hahaha
damn I need to go there to chat
Love it and I have my eyes peeled to sneakpeek and announcements
BladeBK24 do you nap during the day
daddyC  Cave2 Wyvern you too bro i seen you in here we gotta get green around the same time i hope!
Glad to come back online and see the same names in here still at it. Respect.
Welcome back! Yeah we all are just hanging out
anyone have plans for halloween weekend?
Its an easy 510 year project! Im very bullish
absolutely you are late anyway I was waiting for you
Yeah. WGMI bro. How long u have been in this server? Im glad i grind into cave 2
ahhh you got the coffee i cant drink that
Floppindix69 i work a 95 mondayfriday and weekends only time i rlly can grind so u tell me what u think after with that information haha
Same here really bullish that pfp you have looks insane.
Lol... Was sitting there in a bit to find a decent convo to jump into
Yes I love it! But tbh whatever I get I wont sell! Never
Im here since a few days ago hehe
I like your creature. That project still doing well?
never selling diamond handing the crap outta this
ikr? I wonder if there is any other yugioh ones
Really?? I didnt know about that! That was freaking cheappppp omggg
haha we could go over and char i guess
Yeah I got in on mint day for .3 I am never selling this one. The team over there is so soldi its going to be 5eth soon. They said they are gonna throw the biggest art show NYC has ever seen so im bullish af
Cause we are always here watching
Alright wyvern imma head to bed I have a outdoorsy day tmr need some rest
Quality community makes me wanna interact more!
Me too! Anyway you are free to go now. But at your own risks hahah
It looks insane usually with most projects theres some that dont appeal to me but I feel like all of these hit the spot
just enjoying my weekend time off to chat with the community! how are you! havent seen your name here for a min
Niceee always keeping a close eye
Yeah exactly I know most people here are just 100 going for a whitelist spot but hopefully theres some other genuine people who just wanna hangout
Owh youre lucky! The community grow sooooo dam fast. I just learn about it this afternoon!
true rather than bulshiting and ranking up
have you watched the buzz lightyear trailer yet
Got busy w fam stuff yesterday and have a golf tournament in a bit just thought I would check in
Who else is looking forward to seeing their wyvern in their PFP 
wow thecave is so fast again inhere its slower right? looking for some geniune conversation 
I think all the community has diamond hands!
Nice man do you mind me asking where you golf? A lot of you guys going to play sports its too cold over here for that lol
Good night bro take care and see u tomorrow
That sweet! Glad you got in early. Are you in NYC? Gonna make it to that big party?
EmilyParons yes!! Love toy story. Im all in.
a lot of guys have their name color changed!
yeah so no naps over here just sleep!
Yeah what i love the most about this community is that everyone is replying and communicating with each others instead of just typing a phrase to gain ranks
Yeah im in NY they have an event coming up on November 4th too apparently it involves an 80 FOOT Bouncy house. Not kidding lol
me2 what is your favorite team?
Ohh well that makes sense. Im in NY so its a little colder over here lol
ooh well grea tto see your name back on here  oh goodluck on your golf tournament! you got this! make sure you tell us how you do
I love basketball. Im a New York Knicks fan
Yeah I dont understand that I already reported one person as a bot because they just kept saying the same thing over and over again which is just weird to me...
my friend no swearing in this discord no mentioning of such names 
Yeah ikr and i love it so much hahaha. And have you went to ss15 bro?
I live in westchester but also live in NJ Fort lee
Criu thank you very much that really made my day BladeBK24 ty hope to see you on wl soon too qcapalot my other problem is that im no creative hahaha WLCC l Febe he will be next on wl and hope to see you there too  and sorry guys fornlate response was talking f1 in cave 3 
Holy shit. Well at least they sound like a fun bunch. Adult bouncy house....hmmm. love to see it please report back your findings
Criu ahhhh the other part of ny haha
ooh nice this year nba gonna be lit man
Lol I definitely will report them back here
Yeah but the mods and members in this community are doing a great job by detecting the bots easily. Great job done
no matter the result! enjoy yourself and have fun!
Yeah been there once i think. KL was crowded with shopping malls. What so special about ss15 bro?
All good homie! Congrats on that WL tho 
Love it and this amazing community I call my family
Yeah they are definitely doing a good job cause theres no room for stuff like that here
Thats the way to go. Expect nothing and enjoy yourself
I agree even with the giveaways. They change if they got inactive account thats good
thats why you dont get to see those single repeated phrases hehe
Haha its ok bro. We chat again next time when youre in cave 2
FatMeow this community rocks man
Yeah I was seeing a bunch last night but thankfully none now
Yah!! Ill go again with my friends one day!!
Lol... I ended up in mentalhealth
thanks for always replying and giving me advice 
Verstappen is the best F1 Racer  then Lando
Yeap youre right they wanna make sure the WL are given to the one whos deserved
Yeap2 so its quite fair on the distribution
Another early adopter Who tipped you off homie 
Crazy that anyone was in here that early lol
WLCC l Febe Hahaha yees for sure Jen12 Sainz is the best driver taking away experience he just needs ferrari to get back on track. Also Lando y really good and future WC along Sainz and Leclerc
We are growing  very organic 10k already with no invite contest 
Thats the reason its more worth it to grind more
the hype is real my friend haha
Its crazy I joined earlier yesterday less than 7k. Fell asleep last night chatting here with 8k now its 10k...
nice what position do you like to play
Lets hope so the season would be nice to watch
Im convinced the first 500 are all people who heard from the original 100 type deal
Oh no. Have you been here all day? I saw you before I went to bed .... 9 hours ago!
I mean sheeet if I knew about it I definitely would have. An now look at the community! 11k and climbing. 15k by end of day!
Yo guys gonna eat something hope I dont miss much talk later 
Its been impressive to witness 
Going to catch some sleep now guys 230 AM over in aus now. would love to stay on the grind with you guys but ill be back tomorrow morning! enjoy the rest of your day or night guys! love the community and how helpful you guys have been so far take care guys 
How did yall find out about this project?
Take care bro ! Congrats on the giveaway !
Its going crazy nice server boost btw I might do the same. This project is amazing
I will be posting in memes soon hope you guys like it 
doing good also have you finished eating?
Good night! Well see you in the AM
Take care bro enjoy your sleep bro talk to you tomorrow !
Good night all will grind again tommorrow!
Goodnight mate!! Have some good sleep
I miss those day where we can hang around anywhere!
get some rest bro! talk soon gn
I support the lakers man but they are not looking great 
Its will ne huge  next blue chip
Yess whole day !  from 11am til now 1133pm
Good night bro. Had a good convo with u today hope to see u around
Yeah these are really next level might be one of my new favorite projects lol just off the appearance aspect
art is nice and i like the community even more!
I know what you mean I joined in the first few hours snd it then exploded
Yah same bro covid really ruined our life
yea now the hype is blue cip NFTs.... i think bear market is coming and keeping a blue chip is the best choice
Im good good buddy hehehehe  still new to the group Im reading the details of the group
Sadly I joined earlier yesterday and there was already a few thousand in here now its over 10k growing insanely fast
This has a blue chip written all over it man
Kata thats amazing haha very talented!
Nameless yup unfortunately not. Ill see u in west conf finals!
I recommend it man! Help everyone in here and let this community grow to its potential!
Are u have your two doses vaccine yet bro?
I am doing well and chilling my night. What about you?
Great info mate! Thanks for sharing
it is check out the utility of Wyverns ! haha
Looking good! Need a few more sneaks to steal from. 
foofeethefeefoo  ah. Hit the sack buddy for some welldeserved rest
Whehe its always so awesome to see people getting soo happy when turning green  Love the positivity
chatting and reading stuffs from the group love the sneakpeak here
You are still early Ser I see 20k very very soon
Good night bro. Rest well and talk again tomorrow
Oh yeah definitely I just wish I discovered this project a little earlier. But grateful that I get to be here none the less
hi to the new cosmic wyverns  my name is babony and i will give up a little ride through the server 
and i think you would ask about wl here is the info whitelistinfo 
some recommendations be active and helpful we arent here to spam we are here to engage and enjoy bros there a lot of whitelist spots dont worry more than 2500
keep checking giveaways and triviaquiz  could be great opportunities 
Dont fell in scam check officiallinks  and scamalert
The mod would never contact you 
if you have any question just ask me im here to help
Yes we are growing so quickly! I joined when we were at 4k plus 2 days ago and we are now around 10k!
Most projects has utility now tbh 
foofeethefeefoo goodnight man !! See you tmr
duclm You got what you wanted right gonna be a 5 game series
All food and restaurant .. Uncle seng lift up to his name
Which vaccine brand u taking? Dose 3 are coming
Okie  hope to see u guys tmr hehe
Yeah I joined around 67k but last night I was in here chatting and fell asleep with 8k now its at 10k which is nuts
yessir lets get it !!! this is entertainment haha
Me too as well its super hype  how did you find this project out?
you are right man... currenty all my NFT are aimed for blue chip just that boonji because i just love the art hahaha
yeah samee around there growth is crazy
may the best team win my friend
Growth is definitely insane especially since they arent doing any invite bs
hope its gonna be a nail bitter game 5
Spreading some Halloween Wyvern vibes to you all  Trick or treat whehe
yh that shit popped off real quic
Yeah I feel you man  or unique projects tbh
Im invited by my friend earlier and I like the group since its activ it keeps me accompanied hehehehe
That will be too cool but also scammers will be lurking around  so be very careful
When did the discord go live anyone know?
yea man i am assuming you are the same ? hahaha
Ogeh night night have a good rest too yah !
It sounds like u having a fantastic time in college. 
Theres always scammers which sucks karma will get them
yeah man i cant believe im almost at 1000 message..... someone tell me to stop lmao sheesh didnt even notice
Same here Ser there are always project that I get late 
foofeethefeefoo have good sleep
ill go back to photoshop and try to pull up some killer art for the fan contest
We are definitely on track for that! The art is great we have an a solid roadmap and most importantly we have an amazing community! And a great community forms the backbone of any successful project. Super excited to see how we grow from here!
From another discord chat friend Im beyond grateful they shared it. Thats the power of organic growth here!!
Yeah but technically we are still really early I mean you were insanely early if you are an OG so congrats
Enjoy your rest see you around 
Nice bro. As long as youre vaccinated it lower the infection rate 
Thanks buddy you ready for Halloween tonight?
We all do for sure. A lot of ppl are on autopilot. Theyre not present and they dont really know how to regulate their emotions or respond to things appropriately instead of just reacting to everything
Hahahaha yeah i am studying culinary art so its quite easy 
1000 messages is a lot lol... You definitely deserve a spot on the whitelist hopefully the mods are watching over you
Yup all organic growth with real people and real conversation going around here. Exciting stuff!
thank you ma friend! stay safe out there
hahah true i hope eventually the community becomes more engagement and less reaction
Organic growth is the key to sustainability long term and even short term team knows what they are doing for sure
i gotta let em knoww they doubting me b haha
i really hope so man given the recent hacks on 3 major projects.....i think they are the same group of hackers...zzz
For sure man organic growth is the best 
Yeah I joined in the first hour of launch  and thanks 
Wish you all the best to get a WL Ser
Youll get yours soon or later man Im sure of it  hopefully I get it too
Dang thats insane how you even found it so early
hey Tintin you are still here ! hahah always lurking 
Yeah next blue chip. Floor will be super high after release. Hope to get whitelisted soon. Been chatting all day
hopefully i can score a wl spot
Wow nice job brotha that looks insane... wish I could draw that well lol
sorry for the late response brotha I was just active and chatting it up with the homies i made in each cavesubtopic
goodluck mann grind and im sure youll get there!
oh yeah i seen you putting in work bro for sure
Without a doubt how you learn of the project?
Wow! Hows your cooking skill bro? I actually consider taking culinary art before but u know my mom says pick something else and you can learn to cook after graduated. Lol
Thanks man. Goodluck for you too!
Yup they do! Very excited and optimistic about this project 
I am always at home  where are you from?
Same really excited for this one
i joined quite early on but left when the hack saga begins... thought it was a hoax... just join back recently after seeing growth
Posted in ether orcs alpha  usually such projects are ok Kpmg anonymice ether orcs alpha 
Aye congrats on green role mate
Damn they have some good alpha then lol
BladeBK24 BROTHA you got it!!!! aPESPogHype
Agreed. Thats the foundation for a great project!
I wish that Im also artistic as them hehehehe
Keep going buddy! I will be cheering for you and will be here to congratulate you when you get the green name  the mods and team is always around and as long as you stay engaged and add value to the community they will notice you!
oh wow i didnt know you just now got it congrats! haha
Yeah most just try to artificially grow the server which is just not good
same here hahaha i have no creativity in me
Yeah if you search up my name i already have 33 logs so very active
Hey my cave 2 homies! Would love some feedback on my twitter banner I just made.  httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862605904030963108032513
Thx guys. Im good thx how are you?
Kinda tired but want to stay up for 1 more giveaway 
OMG im so hype!!! HOLY Ccow i can finally eat my sandwich now
Facts we dont want a whole bunch of bots in this mf lol
Yeah man thats tough can never be too safe with all the bullsht hacks in this community but definitely missed a great OG spot
appreciate your attention haha do you guys still scout for bots... i am sure a server of this size..... consist of some haha
just make memes man! thats what i do. even though they suck its still fun1
Im also doing good thanks for asking!
maybe we are born to appreciate their talents hehehehe
good a bit tired but dont want to sleep
have you been here all night since when i was talking to you about new york since last night?
Broooo!!! Congrats homie go ahead and eat the sandwich its well deserved 
Wohooo congratulations!!! Have seen you being super active and engaging with many people  you deserve this!!! Congrats!
Congrats man! Joining the WL gangz
youre gonna get WL too old friend!
its okay... i think i am still quite early in this project its steady growing and i believe by staying active and helpful i would be awarded haha
BladeBK24 congrats well deserved!
If you spot a bot you can go to reportabot to tell the mods
You can report it here at reportabot
hahaha ill be sure to take a look at yours!
Yoo no way Im so happy for you bro
xp is not so important mate! Genuine conversations are much more important 
Knew you would get it you said you had almost 1000 messages congrats thats amazing
please do! tell me what you think!
Coach Greg  thanks for the reminder !
Not until 24 hours from announcement homie!
Agree man it looks more like Wyvernzard to me
yes that was me haha! so if u were chatting with me ur gonna be in here real soon man!
holanihao thank u so much i really appreciate the notice!
Wow well done so happy for you ! I noticed you many time being so helpful and engaged with Everyone
Yo youre lucky man! What about you? Whats your expertise?
So what do you guys have planned for tonight?
NP a lot of people are looking out for potential bots
Anyone played the dark anthology?
Just chilling hanging out in here probably
Without a doubt thats the name of the game here man. Still so so early 
OMG u got it after a long grindddd congrats my man!!
hope to join you soon! congrats again huge w
Im from Malaysia! How about you
having a Bud with the friends in here... you?
Anyone doing anything tn for Halloween I know a bunch of people partying
Feels good to see members who become one of the WL
Cool mate. Looking forward to hang with you 
always hungry for more huh ! haha its always nice to see them get banned. WAGMI! i hope lol
Yeah thats how I can already tell this one is promising
I like your Charlie Brown memes. Perfect timing with the holidays
Criu appreciate it bro! yeah i was surprised myself man
caleb happy to be here with you 
Devil.ETH  Wyvern Cosmic thank u!!!
wow thats a great country almost same climate with Philippines Im from philippines
Same for me i saw a bunch of people say they came from his video last night
Were in an interesting shift for sure w Covid. A lot of ppl are having to face their crap and cant really distract any more.
No need to be surprised you earned it!
As we continue to explode with members yall going to have to be really keeping your eyes peeled for bums trying to scam this community.. its sad but its inevitable in this space. I know yall got us though 
caleb maybe there will be 2 wyverns owned by two Calebs  haha
Im going to chill and hang out here 
Hey how are you doing? Hope you are having a great day
notle yes maybe i can get some actual sleep now!! lol
Jared4 i know youll be here soon no doubt about it!
thanks! just wanted to be different!
Yeah they just keep on repeating the same words over and over again SMH
Dabble between the chats a lot of cool people here homie!
Pretty well enjoying this great community you?
You too mate! Have a good day ahead
Ayeeee hahahah whats up brotha! Hows your day so far?
Yeah anytime I see that I just report it to reportabot and the staff takes care of it
yes mann please rest welll you deserve the weekend!!
Absolutely!!! That goes without a question just helpful that they can see things we cant like chat history
hope you have a wonderful day ahead
Nice to hear that man. I just joined here so trying see what this is all about. The community seems soo chill and the art is amazing. The best combo you can have!!!
Were you in here chillin all night or did you sleep after me and wake up before me lmao
Thank for that. I hope youre doing good as well
Bro I forgot what chat it was but people kept copying and pasting a list of songs they liked. I hated it couldnt even have conversation with people
You can see peoples chat history if you search their name in discord
Been good man just vibing ofc tryna get that WL running some apex legends atm tho
Nothing much man  grinding and helping everyone
Yeah we are on the right track buddy. How lucky
Chilling at home  Interacting with each other here
AAAA thats cool mate! Always wanted to visit there
Damn okay thanks for letting me know! I actually didnt know that
Same I feel the same way. Good times only
we can see that too in the corner on the right site you have a search bar type a name and click on the user and there you go you see the chat log
Definitely just glad to be here early before it really takes off. This is just the beginning
Nice  great to heat that. Where are you from man?
Resisting getting out of bed. Probably need to do some cleaning today. Wbu?
Yeah just wait til 30k wholefoods quality members come in lmaooo
damn straight! it has only been about 3 days
be ready for my art today guys  i think it might be very cool what you guys think of a hoodie wyvern? sounds dope?
Jared4 yeah slept after u woke up before LMAO
Yeah for sure if you suspect someone being a bot definitely check their messages out and see if you can recognize any spam patterns
Appreciate the information thats actually new to me. Thank you 
Ive been there to your country at johor bahru and KL come to PH once the pandemic is gone
How long have you been here sir
Just chilling and maybe not sleep hahaha
damn youre built different lmao
Noted bro. But the server is pretty clean. Not much to worry about
haha I want to be laying in bed rn
np maybe u will spot a bot now u know this information
Yeah its only up from here I would honestly love to help the team out to kick all these bots lol
Well damn! Then yeah lets do our part as a community to keep each other safe!
Yeah and something like WGMI and drink more water. LOL. Its like my mom nagging hahaha
Question is when not will it lolol
react to sneakpeek friends so we can get a sneak
i feel like sht if i dont get atleast a cool 78 hours in
not sure. think i made it in the first 24 hrs. but my disc glitched and i couldnt chat right away i think lol
Yep thats all we can do to protect ourselves. Bots dont deserve to be here
yeah thats how you got to do iit bro
rest is def impt as long as youre doing your best!
Yeah it just the beginning. NFT is still consider at the early stage for most of the people
Damn man thats sad  I joined today !
The hype is real never ever ending
Congarts!!! i know this was well deserved 
!!! Thats good bro!! Hope you can visit again hahaha
Oh NFTs in general yeah we are all super early right now like insanely early. Most people dont understand how early we are
Cant rush the process  just gonna chill and chat here
Welcome sir do ask if you need anything !!
Welcome to the best community bro
Arrrrgh I was about to sleep and then the sneak peek dropped
Thats wassup i havent played that game in a minute the movement is a little off to me personally haha Ive been playing valorant a lot recently.
cool man hows the covid situation there?
sneakpeek Looks insaneeee wow this team is really solid.
Yeah mate! Youre very active by interacting here too!
Big schlong wyverns makin babies
i cant wait to be part of this man!
Sheeesh sneak peaks looking fire!!!!
Do they mean that we can in total breed 4 babies ? 
Na g the movement is the best hahaha and with the new character coming out it looks nutty
imagine rocking that hard banner wow
Looks next level this project is insane lol wish I got here earlier
it gives time to read lol hehehehe
Yes we are. How lucky we are in this together! Have u checkout the latest sneakpeek bro? Its on fire
yaeh i agree with that  but i feel like still some hope for us!
Is this your first channel that you joined?
Yeah I saw it looks honestly insane almost perfect lol
Sneak peak is fire lets go we got breeding!
Check out the new sneak peek guys
Cant wait to know more about the project!
It wont last long. Real world calling. 
Kizeer  WYVENRNS it was worse yesterday. 1 min!
darthquinoa awww. I liked them. They cute.
im so bad at val and cs but im good at like almost everyother game i play alot
Any of you guys play or played OSRS and killed Skeletal Wyverns? I made something in memes relating to it lmao
Maybe I gotta try it again tbh its been like a year since i played the game ahaha i might get the new battlefield though
New announcement looks like some sort of breeding? But damn that banner goes hard
Oh definitely if you are referring to the whitelist a majority of the spots are still open. Just have to stay active help others out and youll get there sooner than later
looks like its gonna be breeding over there
Ooo yea that game looks hella promising I been eyeing down forza and halo rn tho the look lit
Definitely breeding baby wyverns? This team is extremely talented I can already tell
Me too as well how did you find out about this project?
There were a bunch of eggs but only 1 Wyvern
100 breeding bro. For sure not Easter eggs for Easter lol
Continue supporting and helping the community
Congrats brotha! You deserve it man thanks for being an active community member
wow congrats man hope I can get there soon
Yeah cant wait for more detail to be reveal! Where do u from bro? I think ive been seeing u here all day long too!
not really first but still really new to the space
Grats Coach Greg you deserve it man
I dont think I have seen any easter eggs that glow like that lol so IMO it has to be wyvern babies.
Bro im terrible at fps tbh i get carried by my irl homies KEKW but for some reason when it comes to fighters Im just naturally good at em like MK or ufc 4
Congrats buddy! Youre efforts are paying off
Lmao congrats man! Bet its cause you just helped me learn I can check for bots now! helpingusall
Coach Greg  congratss man you deserve it
Yeah whats up man I am from NY. Also yeah I have been here chatting I was in here yesterday but ended up falling asleep last night around 2am. This community is amazing
bro that easter egg looks insane
everyone thank you for the messages
i play like cod and fort i surf and bhop on cs a lil bit though
sneakpeek looks insane check it out my brotha
Hell yeah forza is gonna be lit im gonna buy game pass just for it
yeah i feel you have you been grinding this server for a while? im about to grind aswell
Do you guys think breeding wil be a thing?
This question is for anyone. Im just curious. How did you find out about this project?
Channel is really growing  on pace for 5k members a day
thanks man hopefully it will be a wyvern one day pepeD
Yeahh we gonna get there !! Just gotta keep our heads down
O your in Xbox too thats dope yea I got it just for that
Hahaa i agree with you on that haha
I know right lol it looks insane.
Trivia Quiz and some giveawayss
wagmi ser i have faith we both get WL
Damn today been bz whole day time to hope in back tmr
Congrats coach Coach Greg ! Ill see you on the other side
how did everyone figure out about this project soo quickly?
Oh man congrats awesome green looking name !
I mean thats my assumption hopefully its correct  babies would be crazy
Well deserved a good community member Taught me something super useful
omg hahha greg doucette! harder than last time
heard it from other discord channels
yeer i play on pc forza is hella fun when u have all your homies on
Nice bro. Youre not the first one i met here thats from NY. Im just here since afternoon at my time like 6 hours ago? Oh ya Im from Malaysia here
No worries bro were gonna make it together!
great to see good community member be rewarded
Theres got to be. I think the sneak peek is some sort of breeding ranch
Nice man congrats  enjoy your time in here yeah
I will see you too on the other side
True grind harder than last time my friend
Agreed when you gotta play games by yourself you can get so damn bored so easily
Ahh Malaysia how is it over there brotha? And what time is it now over there
Its a phone game like call of duty kind
So we just talk each other to get wl?
sheesh you just joined? i was here around day 1 got to rank 8 fell asleep woke up around 250 shit was crazy
that banner is so hype. i love this project. ogcolors
Went on a 5 min hiatus whatd I miss 
Haha yh ive sent some artr hope i get whitelisted
my homie showed me the sneakpeak im actually amped
BrausotoWere they talking about the project or something?
Basically yea how easy is that!! Unless you aint good at communicating haha
That would make sense it definitely looks like one lol
how do u check out your rank? ive just been here this morning
Oh damn I wouldve had a panic attack lol
Ima go check it out!!! Go check out mine homie!
Just saw it mentioned in another discord. Was curious. Did you just hop in? If so welcome
Im not good enough in english but understand
759 try to help the people here and they will reward you
oh wait did anyone mentioned how many mint per WL ?
do !levels in chat and you will be given a link to the top ranks of this server
Ready for some wyvern love making LOL
I think its more about the quality of his messages than the quantity.
Hey dont worry there are multiple different language speaking chats in the cord
LOL yeah definitely I am all for it
I think its just one since limited supply
Its raining season here at end of the year. And its 12am right now.  Supper time haha
Sheesh need wl. I have around 700
nah nah trust me im not a newbie im a og but its just been a little min since i talked since i got kicked soo far in ranks wbu you new?
Perfect pace for me  I cant handle intense lol
ahh thanks for that... wow its gonner be tough for breeding haha VeroSolo yea man you got that right
He was talking about the game I think
yes i agree with that too keep up the good vibes team cave 2 is the best
Ahhh 12am lol thats pretty late you arent tired? I was in here until about 2am but fell asleep chatting lol
Will keep grinding harder than ever
wow new banner looks amazing with my pfp
of course no problem! have a great day my g wish you the best of luck on the whitelist
For sure its super fire  lets keep working and try for the wl 
Yeah lets play someday. But have to meet the time that my little one are sleeping. Or else its hard for me to make it hahaha
IndianOtaku bro lets chill here its so calm here
DereizoI like projects like this that encourage community development
Oh nvm i have 840 messages i have no life nice
Hiiiii mate welcome back I like the colour of your name bro
Welcome homie!! I keep going back and forth in the caves too lol
wow thats sick ! and alot of messages haha
Lets order some fast food! haha
avoid the scammers team they are literally all around
hopefully there is another trivia soon wow
this project is gonna be crazy!
Hey man !! Welcome back how  are you
which cave is your favorite? between cave 2 and 3 for me
I think there is a giveaway soon 
Yeah in cave 3 you can have a lot of convos
Ah yes this discord escalated quickly. Been here for like 2 days when there was around 34k. Its nice to see a project with lots of enthusiastic ppl
Yeah bro fast food used to have 24 hours delivery. Thats sad they didnt do that anymore
nice nice shall give it a check haha
Hahaha I got you bro I would be around
Anyone getting promoted from here ?
I think cave 2 is superior its like the least spammy and most chill one that ive seen so far. Can just hangout in here
Yeah me too thats why I straight jump from Cave 1 to 2 and found it a good one for me
I bought candychocolates for trick or treaters 
Thanks Meow I love ur motivation
Aughhh ikrrr I really miss fast food supper
I minted 2 different IMX projects. One that grew through invite contests the other though community engagement. Both minted for .08.The first has a floor of .07 the second has a floor of .22
Congrats on the whitelist brotha!
Yea same for me too the intensity of cave 1 scared me a bit Im too slow for them
yeah i always knew the project would grow but never did i think it was going to grow as fast as it is right now which is crazy im hopin i can get my hands on wl since its a wl only drop because i really like these wyverns
Wishing you good luck and work for the wl 
Nah I still got tones of things have to settle before going to bed. Parenthood doesnt allow u to have enough sleep for the first 18 years hahaha
grats all for green we are getting there soon
Interacting with friendly members is my motivation heh no BS all are quality interaction
Thanks bro  hope you will get yours.
Im thinking of not becoming one now hmmmm
Thanks bro same for you hope youre doing great
so cool man maybe post in suggestions
for now lets keep active and chill in our cave swimming pool
Im going well thank you  how are you going??
Of course man and thanks I really appreciate it. I will be in here hanging out whether I get a spot or not really looking forward to a chance to mint these though for sure would be amazing
Macam not opening leh. I cant place order tho
jatin48Bad Grandmas and Moon Shot Garage Project. Im bullish on both but you can see the difference in how the community reacted to the mint.
I really doing well and enjoying my time in this great community 
Csalesuk suuup acfc hello there hehe thanks bro qcapalot hahaha thats mee too going back and forth on the 3 caves R3ducer yeees broo so happy Floppindix69 good and you bro Jared4 cave 2 and 3 are my favorites they replied to me always since I joined haha
Your only choice would be Maggie with egg now haha
Congrats sir it took you just some hrs
Still 2654 spots left keep grinding!!
You think a fire Wyverns eat a Buffalo chicken pizza??
You are welcome  pleased to meet you
Damn the size are you eating it alone?
i cant wait to see what the future holds for the cosmic wyverns
Its great to hear that  its a really cozzy vibes community feels like fam
jatin48Bad Grandmas has their lambo giveaway today. Hope i win.
Yep theres more than enough room for people to get in as long as they are active community members.
Looks amazing whats the toppings and the sauce drizzled?
Yes so far teammods have been organized and on top of discord happenings. Its like an NFT team who were actually prepared. So Im definitely gonna stick around and try to get WL too.
I make the pizza lol. Not eating this one 
Crypto gaming is going to be the future brotha
Man youre working hard you deserve to be on the WL
Hahahah yes man but I still enjoy it
Wow seems like its a nice oneeee
Phil  Wyvern hahaha bro the cooldown of the chat i reply like that to not lose the messages lol R3ducer probabilities were on my side this time got it on the giveaway but been chatting since like yesterday afternoon and I love it
Yeah man it is a great Community to vibe in
Totally agree any coins you have
Grind never stops even when i get green name
yeah i feel you man chat can get hectic
Sending my positive vibes to everyone
Nope thankfully lol I am only 18. I do plan on it one day tho
i bought into a few gaming coins last week and theyre up so good rn so bullish on crypto gaming
Stop sending these delicious pizzas here its damn tempting mate
i hope i can win a wl spot for this never one a spot before
Simple pizza but looks delicious
Omggg looks so good Im so hungry6087sAdPePe
or you can actually hire nanny to do it for u haha
Yeah the whole crypto marking is in an upward trend right now congrats man
Guys stop sending pizza hahaha i get tempted real easy 
Thats whats up brohi dont really have luck so i have level up hahah yeah i know i been here since discord was 6.7 k
And pay her with breath? Hahahaha
Thats just make us even harder to play together bro. haha its 12am here at my country
Hahah IKR especially its during midnight time at my country here
Yeah I still feel old though lol
ArmandoB hope to join you in green brother
Anyone watching worlds right now?
Hahaha my mouth was watering I havent had breakfast yet
you will be keep believin. team cave 2 for the win
nah you are jsut starting for sure dont worry about it lol
I hope so lol thanks fort he kind words
Love both but prefer curry hahaha
Lol! Youre not old at all! Hopefully these NFTs can help you retire early!
always! here if you need anything just a dm away 
Oh no I know theres will be sometime both of us can  np
Thanks man i wish i scooped some more of them though lmao. I also was bout to buy into altura at 4c last week and didnt big regrets
Hopefully yeah this one would be more of a personal for me since I just love the project
jatin48 Did you see MSGP is about to buy their first NFT? I voted for Dogepound.
Hahahaha ayeee Ill try combine these two next time
that would go hard with some garlic naan
How much is it now? the altura one
Hey guys. New here. how do you get xp? i sent a few messages but didnt get XP
do it while youre young. like seriously HAHAHA So you can enjoy life earlier when they are grown
The rank XP system is closed for 24 hours
15c it pumped crazy in the last week
xp is down now but still can chill in here trying to get wl
Try it. She might agree with it hahaha
Thank you! I love him. Super high maintenance tho. You have a dog?
Is close for 24 hrs but stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz
my favourite shit lamb curry is good too tho
XP is down currently so just chill for a bit
Yep exactly thats the way to go
R3ducer Hopefully you get it too WAGMI  FatMeow hahaha yeah they are about to make me have pizza for breakfast lol Floppindix69 hope to see you green soon too Brausoto hahaha I just had a healthy breakfast and then they start sending pizzas 
Oooo never try this before but it sounds delicious
Heehhe I dont want a nanny for my baby wyvern tho I can take care of it myself xD
Thats great but also congrats on getting WL bro
xp is disabled for 24 hours i knew some people wouldnt know they put it in announcements last night
The xp is turned for man look at announcements around 10 more hours
I can imagine it looks big its so pretty yeah actually I have two but theyre small ones
Oh wow so it basically tripled in price
Dont forget to check this guys announcements  triviaquiz and giveaways
I hope so broh i really love the projects and trying my best to get s spot
Brooooo that looks so good where are you at??
XP ranking shut down for 24 hours. Mods say get out and enjoy your day but then creepers always watching us for quality convo.... Just no stressing on levels today
Its my favourite with naan bread
To let the grinders take a break even though it didnt work because were all still in here chillin lmao
how are you doing this fine day ? Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend
aight thanks for pointing that out bro 
This project is going places hope ours devs can guide us to infinity and beyond
Yeah both are nice. It depends on the mood haha
Just hope in random time to catch up the progress
Not a problem sit here to help a fellow wyverns
They definitely will I can tell the team is solid
oh damn  thats a nice way of taking care tbh
ye sometimes u literally gotta make grinders have some rest cause they wont stop either way 
yeah for sure dude. you have rice with curry? you have to
aayyy thanks good luck to you too 
yo bro I see u quite often here u been real active man
yesss sirr i doing fairly well myself
haha which country are u exaclty in bro?
Not at all hahaa most likely gonna end up having pizza today and will blame them for tempting me 
It over tripled the coin itself is to change nfts in games so if crypto gaming blows up it will be very needed but i dont really feel right buying in when i couldve got 3x the coins if i bought last week
great to hear man so you grinding for dem wl?
gm i made some fanart if u guys like it show some love pls 
Yeah dont fomo in now thats a big no no
The team is very solid man no doubt
Ah yessss rice and curry is the best!!
I have a small one too. Theyre easy barely need walks just content to follow me around and get pets. The big one cries to go outside then inside then walks etc etc
So good especially butter or garlic naan
Yep for what Im seeing is massive green flags
not sure if im able to get it tho but i sure will try my best
do it now and you will be free at 37 still young to enjoy life tho haha. Im just kidding bro
Yea for sure not gonna let that happen again 
all this food talk I might have to go into food soon yum
Hahahah one slice to keep the balance
ahhh great i myself am dying to get into the wl too
Yes had you shared it to fanart ?
Super solid I am bullish on them and the project overall
Uhhh mexico im going there on Thursday for the f1 race Vamooos Checoooo 
yea man especially now where sales are only presales
I just came in here and Im already getting hungry lol
Yessss and I love cheese naan too!
nah bro today been busy for whole day
Yeah all my check boxes were checked with this project so just hoping I get a chance to mint one of these
same dinner time might have to come sooner haha
thats right so lets work extra harder to get there!
Haha me too me too. gonna handle with care and love
agreed let do it! we will be able to get there!
all this curry talk makin me want a takeout
Malaysia bro. Is that ever cross your mind to visit here?
so i guess ill see you at the end?
I love every type of curry but Japanese curry is my favourite
Yep no other way to be on a project like this
Yo thats dope! I just got my passport and plan on traveling all this next summer
Just realized I havent gone to cave 3 yet
yea man see you at the finish line!!!
Welcome to all new wyverns for now the xp is close for the day but the dont mean you cant get spot stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz but also you could enter the contest art on fanart to see if you have skills and you would be reward with wl so dont miss good luck to all
Alright will check it out and good job mate! Thanks for the hardwork
Cave 2 is king for me most chill non spammy channel
Cave 2 and 3 are the best caves
neither have I lol. This seems like the best cave anyways!
Ah true. Japanese curry is good tho! but i like the spicy one more
It looks pretty chill cave 2 still  though
Nice nice where are you from man?
so you think these animated ones be auctioned off as legendries?
Wonderful artwork brother! Kudos
blake Oh if Im a fan? Im more than that hahaha Criu hopefully you get a chance  BABONYBB nope DR  qcapalot thats niceee traveling and getting to know new places is really nice
Okay where you coming from i see you wasnt playing about f1 so you would be in df right
This. So mad all the good Japanese curry places around me closed
Dont forget to check this guys announcements  triviaquiz and giveaways
YESSS!! It depends on my mood hahaha
thats not a usual kind of sports to be a fan of thats cool bro!
Right any suggestions for first place to visit??
The big one is 9 and the little one is 5. What breed are your little dogs?
Actually yes bro i want to take an Asian trip soon and Malaysia its definitely on my list
its hard to even see what you typed once you click enter shit just gets flooded immediately LMFAO
Thanks for the sharing mate good info for the newcomers
Ive never had japanese curry sounds amazing though
yea cave 1 is flying yesterday it was way faster though before cave 2 and 3
exactly brother thats why then i hear discords announcement about some1 answering i be like holy shit i gotta check it out quick or i will miss it 
Neighbour  I am from Singapore 
Japanese Curry is something special and delicious man you need to try it
just wait till they bring back exp tonight LMFAOOO the chat is gonna be insane
One is a Pomerania and the other one is a rescue dog so  i dont know what breed is it and yours?
R3ducer yep I will be in DF for the race and will be traveling to other cities too to get to know more about mexico BABONYBB lfg Checo haha I may get to know him cuz friend of a friend hehe blake im an adrenaline junkie lol qcapalot for the entire world or mexico?
boosted for the culture guys LFG
Nooooooooo. Itll bring back the weirdos!!
for real im pretty sure alot of people dont know there isnt XP though anyone that joined after the announcement
gonna be ridiculous. the real ones are the ones talking with no xp though.
I like viet curry or Malaysian curry
I didnt tried Viets curry before but in Malaysia here I tried alot of Japanese Curry
checo is really good hope he wins
You would love what cities you planning to visit . Wyf
I understand people have work and stuff to do but yes were gonna see a lot of botshumans that type like bots coming back stronger than ever
Hold the line boys grab your weapons secure your whitelist 
Holymoly  Legend yaaa stay active and our time will come soon !
mmmmmm need some curry now making me hungry
Good to see so much green in here 
Poms are cute! Big guy is a chocolate labrador and the little one is a Chihuahua mix
Is this better than cave and cave 3?
is good to see some WL still vibing around !
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend Lets do this
Same hahahaha havent eat curry for so long
Good morning buddy! how are you ?
and you will be the next bro just keep enjoying the ride
Haha ok cool that was a test lol... Where ya from?
We growing fast and no need fro invites amazing community
FatMeow doesnt help i havent ate either
Trust the team and u will get ur beautiful green nmae
All the best bro u been active many days u are soon
I went to sleep happy that we hit 8k wake up and boom 10500 members we havent even announced public sale date yet imagine how many more we gonna get Bruh
I think that theres bot here few accounts writing the same messages
Ok everyone talking about food. Imma go eat. Laters cave 2
yes bro just invite if you want the community is growing faster and stronger
BABONYBB would ve nice to see him win in his home qcapalot well if you are not from Europe then is a good start since you can visit many countries at onces there R3ducer well apart from df Im planing to go to those small touristic towns near the outsides of DF i forgot the names lol
Its fun bouncing around each cave
Different account using the same words
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend Green is so beautiful now haha
Ooufff my guy needs to try just a little harder
i dont think bots realize theres no exp boost atm either weirdos
really beautiful hope u can get one ! lets go !
Yeah i know man i dont have ppl to invite so is good heheh. 
ArmandoB got you to the pueblos magicis nice choice
Jakarta dude yeahh that how to start the conversation
Im from Malaysia!! How about you?
Europe it is then! Thanks homie!
Cool mate ! lets make the commnity grows more positive !!
Gotta love when u  could see the actual msg
What would you say is your greatest accomplishment?
Nice bro. Be sure to try out some food here its amazing
Thats very cool mate!! Nice to meet you
nice bro just enjoy meeting new people
hopefully they do better than last week
Hahaha I like the way you think!  I am from the USA..
Yees im gonna eat so much there love Mexicos food from last time I went qcapalot np bro then you can visit DR  will not regret it
yeah hahahaha that was shambles
me bot me say hello me say hi only
Yeah specially if you learning from them
my favourite street fighter char.
Are we getting more bots or people trolling? 
Dang last trivia was 5 in the morning missed it
many ppl reply the same how was your day? lol
Fine mate. Had a great day today HBU
many good people on here to meet bro
Yeah i know what you meant each town have there taste
how can you tell its a bot sir 
Just waking up getting ready to start the day.. slowly haha
yes char as in character hahaha
There is only so many things one can say trying to jump into a chat thats racing 
random talking no reply weird shit out ther
Yeah i know just gotta be careful
I see good start ahead for you mate. Mine here is midnight time now
nice to meet you! how has your day been?
Good night guys keep up the energy for me 
really  sometimes i see people type tyhe same thing im just like ?????
If Im away for like a few minutes Im completely lost
yes bro waht are you going to do today
nah man if got reply is ok but many just talk to himself 
Spamming same phrases haha if I was a mod I would be having fun with this bots or spammers 
are there actually bots on here? i dont see anyone spamming 1 word or anything
is the name ryu from street fighter or have i embarassed myself and your name is completely unrelated
Oh wow here in Canada its noon haha
but what if you reply the bot??
no thats my real name haha no it means dragon in japanese and im from the year of the dragon haha
Yeees Im gonna go more kften just to eat more 
I see its looking great there. Its midnight for me in Malaysia
wow thats actually sick i got a boring name
Well thats even cooler though haha
People will think u are bot but no u are human also help newcomer hopefully
Not on topic saying random phrases and things etc.
Sounds like its bedtime soon haha
we all do consistency and patience is key 
Ahahahah alot of ppl like are food idk but is good
Im not 100 but I think the people repeating hows your day are bots but not completely sure tho
Not so soon haha since today is Saturday night here
Haha you right you got all the time in the world
ive def seen alot of people say that i just woke up tho theres nothing for me to say lmao
damn youre a year younger than me
yea bro we all do! the key here is to engage in meaningful conversations with fellow mates and spread positive vibes 
so there 3500 Wyverns to be given in 3500 different ppl 1 per person all in presale and the ones that will not get bought will be on public sale?
I wanna know what happens too haha Jared4 haha dw that happens to all of us just try to start a convo help someone or join a convo
Yeah but will not grind till late night as Im having plans for tomorrow
shall i change my name  Phil  Wyvern
Wdnt it be great if we had a karaoke comp for WL spots
Damn how u become MOD? they select you?
There may be more than 1 mint per person allowed i am guessing its 2 mints
Does it matter if you type on Cave 1 or 3?
damn u so young how u know this projecT?
yea i kinda just hop from cave to cave until i see something interesting
Yea it will help the new people for sure I understand what you was doing... I always ask people that if they say the same thing a couple times ya never know lmao
oh ur here hahah pls start conversing with other ppl cause ppl might think ur a bot haha
NFTgod No. Just pick the place you vibe with most.
How is it possible as the WL spots are 3500 and all the Wyverns are 3500 xd???
haha cause i mod in many other projects so i have the experience haha
omg ahahahaa i really wanna chat with a bot
Just chilling around and interacting here haha
ntg matter find a place u good to chat
thought i got here early but already 10k member!
ahah i mod at many projects already haha so they picked me here haha
i tried changing my name to include the Wyvern tag but seems like its disabled in this server haha
good luck to everyone in the giveawayy
another give awayy gooo my fellow cave 2 friend!
Damn   I also want try to become MOD but hard I guess I dun have experience
nice bro of what enterprise do you like it ?
wow theres 3 caves does this one have cool down too?
NFTgod They want the people that are buying into the project to be as vested in the project as possible.
Wow I want learn u can   how to start as a mod
Goodluck on whitelist giveaway everyone have a good day
giveaways is live go check it out
love the rerolling gets rid of bad actors 
you are right bro the supply is only 3500 so it should be one mint per WL
What time is it where you live? It is half past noon here..
hi bros hope your having a great day if you want to try lucky go to giveaways  you can win wl bros
Hurry dont miss this opportunity enter giveaways for a spot for wl
Hey people dont forget to react in giveaways its going to end in 13 min
yea because is started doing crypto when  i was 17 haha
Everyone lets join the giveaway! Good luck
A chance is still a chance. pepelove
Hey everyone make sure to participate in the giveaway at giveaways
damn this cave is more peaceful
giveaways hey everyone giveaway annouce gl!
goodluck everyone for giveaways
Join the giveaways guys! Ends in 13 minutes!!
haha very tiring haha better to just sleepsleep
f search something you like bro
damn how old are you now? if you dont mind answering
damn  do you sleep 4 hours a night
wow cool... can I add u as fren? wanna learn more from u 
Wtf thats early bro. Btw whats the requirements for being a modjust wondering
let the raffle gods be on my side
Is ok sleep is for the weak need be strong like u
yeah i just saw it too!  hopefully i won
Thats awesome bro! How long you been into crypto? I been in it for about 2 years but man I wish I would have got in earlier still
hi guysss am i too late to the party ?
hi bros hope your having a great day if you want to try lucky go to giveaways  you can win wl bros
Hope to get a WL spot from the giveaways!
Imma quick andfocus on crypto 100 and nft
how do they check if winners are legit btw? checking their chat history?
good to see the team is very experienced nice
I love the way that the mod take care of the true supporter 
we are really early guys wagmi!
good luck to everyone boys and grills
This project has by far some of the best art Ive seen in a pfp collection in a minute
nice bro this would change your life
Yeah discord is going to be 80k in 2 weeks take my word
Good luck guys this is the one i feel it!
You diamond handing these NFTs?
giveaway going on in giveaways guys make sure to enter
Lmao reading the winners annoucement is kind of funny
yep i am not even gonna argue or smth 
crazy man wish I got in earlier
Its never too late I joined today and we are still pretty early there are 2.5k slots left right now
wow thats a lot of time i have 2 months haha
wowowowo you are early. cool guy
WB mate had you joined the giveaways ?
Yeah i know thats why im focus everything on it
If that was a question the answer is yes
I have always flipped mine. This will be my first keeper!
umm as of nowwe arent looking for anymore were full already but i knew abt the project very early so i just applied early too haha
yes sir  our efforts will be rewarded
howdy gentleman how are we doing today?
hope you find waht you want bro
Doing great mate!! How about you?
i think this project will probably get to 100k by mint easily
yes i have praying hard for us to win
I agree! Would be my first hold. NFTs look great and there seems to be a lot of utility
Letssss go babyyyyy give me that wl!!! 11000 chances. My odds are looking good 
welcome back sir how have you been
ya still good rmb check in giveaway
Think cave 2 is where the party is at!
It will always positive Floppindix69 yes sir with time and patience
so hows everyones weekend? i hope you guys had a great time with your loved ones
as long as u participate there is chance 
were all gonna get far so dont worry
Back everyone just took shower about to get food with the lady! Whats everyone eating for lunch today!?
eyyyy good to see you still here mate
They dont do invite contest so I think maybe we will reach 50k by mint date but probably not 100k because thats a bit too much
TheBang This will be an nft that daos will want to buy.
Damn man that is a long time in crypto haha... Bitcoin was so cheap back then lol..
Good luck to the secondary cave! 
yesssss with patience only we will be rewarded
Im not applying for that hahaha just curious how to become a mod
we getting warm in the cave hahah 
you just need to keep pushing and when you never expect in would come
man everyone in the discord is so chill
Yeah Im gonna stick to cave two haha the first one is too spammy
oh it depends usually servers get mods that already have experience in modding so that they dont have to explain a lot anymore
hi i dont have much time to spare to chat so ive been spending what time i do have on making art will post it soon!
Yeah just need to focus and not give up
Damn! I need me this then! WGMI!
for real i havent seen like anyone negative the whole time ive been in here
Just now am participate give away
Good luck to all of you I hope we will all succeed to join the whitelist
lmao i wish we had some kind of cave competition  which one is cooler 
Ready to get back into it today!
we here for other things man !!! lets goooo
just keep the chat alive and be active
Haha yea i started into it awhile ago but man Ryu has been in it twice as long as me. He has seen some crazy stuff in the markets in that amount of time no doubt..
Not invites just engage and help the community
bruh we are at 10k already last night was literally 6.7k?????
How many wl spots are available
let me know what the best cave is
Oh Im going to win this wl lets gogoggo
Dont give up mate! Hustle till Lambo!
that a lot of time bros hope this never end
This discord is growing insanely fast by monday morning well have 25k
oooo we got some cave spirit in here
2.65k sir just chill in chat and be friendly!!
No just engage with people and help them
Yeap my favourite is Huracan Evo HBU?
just engage and help others out
Whats up cave 2!! Been lost in cave1 what we talking about!
haha yea but honestly were all early if you think about it long long term
guys do i eat my trash dining hall food or do i go get crunch wrap supreme from taco bell. i dont really like taco bell but tbh its better then my dining hall food
glad i dont got to invite anyone
okay Im finally at my PC for a giveaway fingers crossed
very nice cant wait to see more
good luck to all my dragons  dont get upset if you dont win plenty of chances in the future
No invites sir just relax engage with the community
Damn you able to carch up with cave 1 hahaha btw you reacted in giveaways ?
At least 3000 WL is great  I was in BearX discord and everyone was fighting for this 66 WL spots haha
too crowded and fast if theres none 
i have my fingers crossed too leonardodabitchi this chat best chat
Yea me too man! I dont think bitcoin will be going anywhere. It will have some bad bear markets Im sure but its always going to keep going up in my opinion
Raffle is going on plz go giveaways  to try your luck
is there any bot commands in here
You know how we do it boss lesgo
Welcome to all new wyverns for now the xp is close for the day but the dont mean you cant get spot stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz but also you could enter the contest art on fanart to see if you have skills and you would be reward with wl so dont miss good luck to all
it will slowly continues going up and eth to they are going to the moon
Nah if there was 1 cave still it would be genuinely unreadable
yea and theres no exp now and chats still popping off lowkey
need to come to cave 2 fo  the time being main cave energy is made due to give away
hi bros hope your having a great day if you want to try lucky go to giveaways  you can win wl bros 4 minutes left bros
enter you lazy people! Gotta get that wl
yea they still are pretty sure alot of people just dont know there isnt xp but alot of us just dont care
good evening wyverns so theres so many caves here that we need 3? lol nice idea
I am going through the fanart  memes right now to assign some whitelists 
Yea your right on that.. We are especially early to this NFT space too. One thing about crypto trading is I never made all the online friends like I have since I got into NFT discords. These things could bring the world together more than about anything I have seen yet
it has grown so much and now im scared imma get left behind hahahaah
most of us just wanna build this community organically
yup haha there will be a bear market every year man its normal haha
goodluck to all the talented people in this discord hope you can get a wl spot 
welcome to the best place youve ever been haha. yor in good hands here. take a look around n get comfy
I wish you are doing great and welcome to new comers if you guys have a question you can ping me or ask in the chat ! heheAnime
Dont miss this chance to get aspot giveaways
ye everyone chilling with the high gas
moderators in this server are the best toooooooo
the other chat is moving like crazy
new here too... man chat flowing too fast lol grinding? 
yeah they are very involved !!!!!
yeah they are super on job foreal
i would fly up to the moon if i got it
I know right!!! when they said they are looking they really be looking
how come i cant gain levels just joined here?
I really want the wL any advice?
goodluck everyone in the giveaway 
Welcome to all new wyverns for now the xp is close for the day but the dont mean you cant get spot stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz but also you could enter the contest art on fanart to see if you have skills and you would be reward with wl so dont miss good luck to all
Man I always love how active communities are during WL events lol
Hello mate the rank XP has been stopped for 24 hours
Lol yeah everyones pretty active here. Not really grinding since xp is turned off atm. Just trying to be active like everyone else 
dude they dont sleep man Heuristic6 just chill here and chat with us and be helpfull
Hahahaha let me fly with you and lets get it together 
Dont think about it and just chill with others
yeah unlike some other servers 
thanks for that! will be tuning into those events
we got this bro i dont have a lot of eth but im doing this for my family
Does anyone in here do crypto mining?
You came from Boonji? And did Stamos actually get one?
1.4k reacts on the whitelist raffle in 15 minutes with only 10k in the server thats INSANEEEE
ah good to know that there is no XP...
for reallllll our spirits shall be with them
Hell yea man!!! I really hope you can get on this wl buddy!
yeah its hard to get wl in a raffle tbh too much competition
hi bros hope your having a great day if you want to try lucky go to giveaways  you can win wl bros 1 minutes left bros
yeah man  BABONYBB goodluck sirrrr
Yea very hard but with the amount of rerolls there was yesterday i have some hope 
You too mate! Hope we can make it to the WL spot
thanks bro the situation with covid hasnt be good for my family
People make sure to have 10 engaging messages!!!
Go giveaways For a chance to get a spot
I love pixel art it really grows on you
good luck to you my friend hope you win
Congratulations to the winners!
oh wow i didnt even know it was for 3 WL spots i thought it was for 2 
time for another quality check on the winners haha
Ameer Hussain just dropped a video today. Yall should check it out
Congratulations to the lucky members!
maybe they feeling a bit generous tonight man !!!!
Congrats to all giveaway winners once again!!
just posted some art in fanart 
hey wondering why is there 3 caves ?
Congrats to winner dont put your head down those that didnt win more opprotunities will come bros
Big community needs more caves!
why is there so many cave chats
Because if there was only 1 chat would be unreadable
cause the community is just too big bro!
yes sir it is very good place to grind too !! the mods can see us too
nice bro hows situation on there
Flem in here!!!! Kishu in here!!! its a PARTY
Enjoy yourself mate! Btw Cave 2 is the best!
another reroll man i feel so bad for all these people but at the same time you gotta check the requirements
to most of us that didnt win the giveaway keep out spirits up! im sure our contribution will pay off! just keep grinding guys we can do it!
to chat and enjoy bro stay where you want or leave in all the caves
it is we talk about durian all day 
The first yr sucked but we are starting to get somewhat back to normal here. Never going to be the same as before though I assume
there is to direct traffic so there wont be so many messages at the main cave else we wont be able to read anything
Dont lose your hope guys we all gonna make it trust me!
how do they decide if the reroll or not btw? activity?
Haha this is one of the reasons too
yep of course bro i lose a lot of near people to my in this pandemic
seems like many of those inactive ones got the luck of being picked haha
So many rerolls lmao its insane hope one of us cave 2 folks can win
we do love our durians   blake yeah man  gotta be active to win !!!
Wussuppppp TurtleCarl!!!! Vining today over here
activity some just join without engagement
Same here man. What state you in?
hhaha it is like hoping for a jackpot!
This is the only project I would mint at the current gas level
last quiz was at 5am  hopefully for one at a more optimal time haha
this is what we all would mint !!!!
Welcome to all new wyverns for now the xp is close for the day but the dont mean you cant get spot stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz but also you could enter the contest art on fanart to see if you have skills and you would be reward with wl so dont miss good luck to all... Stay around to qualify for the giveaways
hahah same here! this is an easy decision. the art is nice too
Congrats to winner dont put your head down those that didnt win more opprotunities will come bros
Oh cool I would like to come see CA one day
this project is gonna be so fire
Congrats winners we will get it next time! 
Congraz to you too as u get WL 
congrats to you sir ahahahaha i like your pfp
Congrats to the new 3 winners! You guys deserve it
that was intense... those rerolls... haha
hope you fo it someday i will like to go to europe in a future or to the beach
Doing great mate just chilling hahaha
hey buddy we doing good how are you?
becoz many are fake bot I believe
now people gonna program the bots to talk a little in the chat hahah or maybe use fake accounts to talk
it is  hoping your name comes up andrewGars  whatsup man how are you doing
Oh man I want to go to the beach too lol
yes bro you have to be active to win
soon we are going to have 350 wl
thats great im doing good too thanks for asking YouZero Floppindix69
You just missed the giveaway but when they have another one check giveaways. You must be active though even if you win
Hahaha ty ty Floppindix69 carlos Sainz most underrated driver 
heyy thankyou for the headsup will check it daily!
Woah.. they really filter the winners
Hell yea bro it aint bad. We got a lot of woods and rivers lol
no exp today but still everybody in chat ... probably nothing
Me to man! Im so hyped for this one its not even funny!!!
There will be more opportunities
have no news of it yet..might want to wait for announcements
This cave is considered normal pace if you get to go the Cave 1 its madness there
yes i want to go cancun is so beautiful
Yessir cant let bots win or that would take the fun out of it!
unknown but the admin will ping us man so stay tuned ArmandoB yeah man he gotten 2 podiums so far but no one talks about it man  everyone is verstappen and hamiton
where the Cancun at? cant remember but sounds so familiar
yeah stick around with  us man! it is gonna be a fun time
its got some beautiful land man
Keyboard Warriors are real hahaha
In so bullish on this project when is mint
Exactly cave 2 and 3 are much better there are people actually having convos and stuff
its in mexico is a very beautiful beach
not sure yet but now almost 1am from here
yo guys what should i eat for lunch
yaaa exactly i thought about Mexico !
Yeaps! Seldom you see giveaways are filtered
I know i might sound repeatable for this but i see more ppl in the chat 
Welcome to all new wyverns for now the xp is close for the day but the dont mean you cant get spot stick around for giveaways and triviaquiz but also you could enter the contest art on fanart to see if you have skills and you would be reward with wl so dont miss good luck to all
yeah is true I cant get a real conversation at there
From last giveaway Floppindix69 indeed Sainz is gonna have his spot soon hopefully Ferrari gets some upgrades to give Sainz the WC soon
congratulations to all winners!!!
Yea dude I would love to see Cancun
Alright done for the day gonna have a good night sleep. Good night guys see you on tomorrow morning!
Ive been swapping between cave 2 and 3 i just wait until i see a message i want to reply to i dont force it
I will have to walk around trick or treating with my laptop because of these quizzes
what options you have for lunch bro?
damn congrats giveaway winners better luck next time
yes bro that a beutiful country
well i live at my uni now and the food is kinda trash. ive been getting sick of it and was honestly just thinking of getting taco bell
I see you are a Scarlett fan my man  yeah hopefully they become competitive after the last controversy  but RB and Merc are really tough to beat !!
yeah really hard to get one conversation
Yea it really is... What is your weather like there today man? we are cold windy and raining here
Im here at work trying to work but im more focus on the chat heheh
i would rather use up all my luck here
i think isnt expensive and its to beautiful
This server is wild 10k ppl and almost half of them are online
Once youre on discord  you never stop
lol idk about that but Id love tp get WL here for sure
Ferrari for laif. Im hoping that for this 202223 season we get more competitive against Merc and RB
1.5k reacts on the giveaway in 15 minutes with 10k people in the discord is insaneeeee
0.002 chances of winning giveaways... these rerolls are gonna be so sad when they see this lol
damn is it cold at this moment ?
Dang i could really use some quesadillas right about now
YESSS!! Thats a very cute ghost hahah
u gotta get lucky here and get lucky there 
whats the best taco bell meal to get boys
yep! and the vibe is great there!
Have that saved on my bucket list with Switzerland. Def need to go
I need to do those halloween preparations today... haha.
Dont give up man! Always stay positive
Cave 2 fam should we raid cave 1 and spread the love??
once u are on discord u chose the life of sleep deprivation
blake coolkatz i got it lets gooooooo!!!!!!
Yes especially with the rule changes man and the upgrade points  gonna be very tasty next season !! But leclerc is very underatted as well !!
no choice gotta keep active ! we can make it
Ooo thats great!! Hope you having fun!!
of course my friend Mexio have good people
Yeah I know I meant people that got rerolld must be sad right now
u deserve it brother congratulations  my friend!
I would love to visit there!yay
Yea I agree. I love all the tropical places. I usually drive my family down to the Keys in FL every winter. We love it down there but its about time to switch it up to somewhere new
Anyone in Furballs also they have the same format
Be4st congrats sir  hope to join you soon !!
awesome to see so many get whitelisted
Congratz man  hope you have a great day
Mexico is so far away from me  wish i can got there at once
Its okie  just stay positive and chill chat in here
go when you can bro its beautiful
yeah I belive u will be the next one
Love that if people are not active they get rerolled
thanks so much! it means so much that i got it i had to rely on some art since i dont have much time to chat. thats crazy i love this team wow so wholesome
Oh yea I would like to go to Switzerland and eat some chocolate hahaha... I want to go see Australia really bad too
yea is off today but chilling here is a good choice
Checo is getting better the idk remember the name of the Spanish guy his lvl is getting worse
i love the beach bro and now i need vacations because i am like desesperate of everything
he certainly has a great day now 
Damn  I cant draw but I hope to help people in chat !!
Yes mate today is no xp day !! Admin wan us to have a rest 
which one of these cave channels gives me a better shot at actually conversing with people? 
Gets lit around here for sure lol
where you from sir ? yes if you go i thnik you wont regret
Probably an amazing fing day lmao
Hard man  you wont be able to concentrate on anything else
What does it mean when they say lack engagement?
Yea man you need to go chill at the beach for a week and relax!
Yess cuz we love the vibes here 
Well is wasnt this wild but i think they all going crazy
hi bros you are having a great day i make a memes  hope you enjoy it leave your reaction xd
Cave 2 and 3 for sure 1 is full of spammers
Means they didnt chat and get involved enough !! So gotta chat and get involved  we want everyone to get involved
Is there a certain level you need to reach ?
Ikrrrrr !! They just spamming in cave 1
Judging by your pfp Ill take your word for it.  
So I just take my clothes off now or.....
yeah thsi 2 years of pandemic were really difficult i need to live
No just be active and kind ! Show them some love 
Just mustve not checked announcements and not know that XP is disabled for 24 hours lmao
Just seems like chats are spammy
Who spamming there  leonardodabitchi satu malaysia strong with us man 
Yes Leclerc has alot of potential too also excited to see the new f1 card R3ducer yees Chefo id getting the hang of the RB car I hope the Spanish guy you talking about is Alonso 
Giveaway winners going nuts in main cave lol sheeeesh
Nope they wan us to be active in here
nicee bro the times that i went to mexico the were a lot of russian people and they were always have with mexican people
Yah man the chats is full of spam
Nope just be active and have real convos with people. They said theyre checking logs to see if people are just saying spammy things
Ahahahahaa yes sir  we gonna all make it  hope to have MY channel soon
I started going out and hiking a lot and been kayaking too. It is a great way to get your head right
oh damn fr? I mean thats a pretty unusual place for us to visit since its so far away from Russia
Gonna be hard cuz everyone fighting for it
hahah haning around cave 1 and 2 should give you some exposure imo
nice bro i would like to do that but i start making some home gym
we are still early! be hopeful 
Alright time for me to sleep now 
Yea i swap between the caves aswell
Would love to go to Australia as well. Been living in the US my entire life so traveling sounds fun
yes bro like 2 families i remeber i think yeah its far but you wont regret going  im from us
Yeah i like it but not really into it ...hahah yeap is him 
SomeCallMeRem i bet i would be too
If for WL no but by being top 200 in chat you have an advantage
what u going for halloween this year fellas
Night guys  good luck everyone for next give away  have a good rest and see u guys tomorrow
I was gonna fight if you were talking about Sainz 
there are so many guys from the US in NFT space
hi bros you are having a great day i make a memes  hope you enjoy it leave your reaction xd
if there were only 1 cave still it would be unreadable with how many messages would be sent
indeed and we have swimming pool here and golf yard
Not exactly a level but you could get into the whitelist if you are the top 200 most active members check out whitelistinfo for more information on the ways you can get into WL. At the same time if you are active engage in real conversation and add value to the community the mods and team will see it and they will reward people accordingly!
There ya go! That will give you something to do!
i know i mean.. ITS GENIUS.. every project should do this!!!
see you tomorrow bro have a good one
 so the grass is greener here eh 
I hope I put on notice been here since 500 members. Doing my best to help and spreado some positivity into the community
I have been living in the same area my whole life too and i am 35 lol... I need to go see some other countries before I am to old too enjoy it haha
yeah bro i think nft space is growing really fast at globaly level
jisoo  jennie  3rd person that i forget her name  lisa
exactly 100k ppl enter it every month on OS only!
we all do just be patient we got it 
yes bro it helps me to make stress go down
Ahaha no if im wrong his for Mercedes right
Just Whitelisted 10 fanart submissions memes up next?? For all the people that didnt get it right now dont worry we are checking constantly
we wll want to but patience will be rewarded !!
being active broo WL is waiting for you. mods dont sleep here
Keep going buddy! The mods and team are really active and I am sure they will notice active members who are active and adding value! 
For real. Still tons of whitelist spots available too no shortage of spots
Theres a bunch of mods. Im sure they are all over the globe
ye when coinbaze twitter and meta enter the space it will moon no doubt!
this.. keep ur hopes high u will make it
thanks for all the work you doing bro
everytime i see this green i dribble.
exactly the community is so big and they gotta watch all of us 
that will be the door for many people to enter in nfts space
They need to take a breath lmao
Love seeing you in here old friend! 
so that our hard work will pay off!
Thats good man... I really hope you can make some big money in this field and get back on top of everything!!!
its getting cold out here omg lol
yes sir  hope we can be in this together again
Facebook rebranding to meta has me so bullish on nfts thats insane to me that a hugeeee company like that would get so involved
Hello any admin or mods here. you can check my history when i entered this dc. im og here and idk why it left suddenly form this dc. thanks. hoping to get my role back.
thanks bro the first thing i will do when i make money its to pay my fathers debs and pay my shool and brothers
Okay totally lost hahahh i havent watch it
Sorry if i miss any msg im at work trying to keep up
hope that would make a change for good to us
bro just download the F1 app and keep up
Thats would be great man.. If I ever make a bunch doing this stuff I am going to by myself a house down in FL and live it up in the saltwater or on the beach
Well im not into it but sometime i watch it
ayyyy welcome back man how are you today
Hope so too king!  sending you my energy!
had to step out for a bit but feeling great gonna sleep maybeee later haha
me too plus we are still really early bro!
darthquinoa  yes sir we will make it with patience BladeBK24 bro do sleep man 
Trying to hahah but i also want be here
special made it and read the back of the card
nicee bro i house near to the beach is something we all dream
You deserve it for all your grind
Whehe yeah enjoy the stay no worries  Have a good time
if i can i would have a house on cancun hahah
That would be until night time and chat is interested
Hi guys I thought of a funny welcoming flier for the newbies but not only check  this out
BladeBK24  nice man maybe a 2 hour nap and you will be nack here !! darthquinoa  it is  and our time will come!!
Yea that would work too lol... My wife dont like flying though so I guess id need a yacht too
Yessir! How big has the Viking group gotten?
hahahah nice excuse to buy a yacht hahahah
thats so awesome love it. wish I could get one
cant wait to chat with you all and get to know you more
thanks man Love everyones attitude here good vibes
sir we have 2k members now and you are still top 400 !!! i am holding rank 1 man  the grind been unreal
feels great when chatting in here
Yeahhh love the vibe here!! 530205382832816128
CarlTheTurtle LLB blake thank you for the feedback
Hey whats up dude how you doing today?
they are really expensive right ?
Just here chilling while being at work
oh yea millions for the big ones lol
have you enter to one ? i no hahah
Can we get some more green names in the chat ? 
Working on the weekends sucks!! At least you can still get on here though haha
i have been seeing you a lot here nice darthquinoa do pop in sometime man we would love to have you back
what do you work as if you dont mind me asking
BoNFT I just thought of something rather funny
I have never been on one but maybe one day I will own one haha
Hard bro many ppl get green name and go rest 
I should! Have they added to the roadmap?
Oh thats good then.. Where are you from?
Yeah thats what I believe as well hehe  its well deserved 
CarlTheTurtle yes this is the way
just took a bath and came back refreshed!
yes sir do have a look !! minting is soon should be
Guden you adk any greens need any info
cant talk in chat 1 come to chat 2
i will be ok if my family its ok
is that the word on the streets? ima find out myself
i feel you man  but do come and say hi !!!
And this project looks too wild to pass up! I love the art here! Especially the blue eyes 
Keep up boys ! I really love the community
That sucks. I know the feels. Ive got enough to add one more. But thats it.
yes u are correct   this channel is cave 2
wats the difference between caves
Keep at it man your gonna get there. Crypto and NFTs can take us anywhere
yeah man too good an opportunity to pass up Bibleblack its the same just more places to chat !!!!
rofl someone from cave 3 also agreed rofllllll. ima stay here
Not really my last year of working
nothing really just differernt vibes in differnt caves
i love the vibe here  its the best out of 3 tbh
sure my man i need to change the life os my parents they give me so much
they are all the same bro there are just 3 of them since community is too big and 1 cave cant handle all of us
Congratiolations for the latest wl winners check giveaways
i mean if ur profile pic keep dancing for me like that. its hard for me to refuse
I said that I was done collecting for now since I really dont sell my nfts but this one speaks to me lol
Lmao   dun look at it 861687609490276382  join it
how many are WL allowed to mint?
yeah man i will always stay here
its the most active community in my opinion
Happy days for the new white listers we will get there
so is this project a kaiju king spin off?
No putting all my focus on crypto
I hope you get that wish man!! Just work really hard in this field and you never know where it may take you
its gonna be better than kaiju king 
they are omnipresent haha they are always watching like santa
i supposed is it 1 per WL given the limited supply of 3500
lets goooooo good to have you  i kinda am seeing a lot of familiar faces here !!!
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend look at my hips and be mesmerized 
Yea a bunch of people have been turning green today.. It is a good sign keeps us all going haha
Just chilling bro how about you
i think he is inspired from scratch. in the theme of wyverns
how so? im not familiar with this project wat makes it unique?
I think no difference its just so that there are not too many message on a channel so people can have genuine discussions
just look at the community growth 
Yeah i know what you do for a living
ahaha whats the difference between the caves? anything?
totally differente this is so much better and i like the art check some sneakpeek  bro
i wouldnt say which is good. both are good in their own ways. Wyverns seems like it is more towards gaming direction in its roadmap
i think its just to traffic messages make it flow smoother
I buy old houses and fix them up and resell you?
Cave 3 is where the cool wyverns are at is what I heard
Gotta pump those numbers up! Those are rookie numbers!
sounds good to me not a bad idea at all
Its been no time at all  just wait!
how about this ? Kishu Ryu Flem Mixks.eth Tintin
true the more you are active in each cave the more you are recognized so be sure to do that
I just noticed this server hit 10k crazyyy right
Exactly. That is what I call it but when i say that to some people they have no idea what i mean lol
Yooo thats so cool!!!!! PeepoClap
Yo whats up just came from cave 1
Did you just now make that phone case?
the vibe is as great as in cave 1 here bro 
Damn that good money i work in customer service
do you make good money doing that??
lol Im kidding 10k members may or may not be approaching the comfortable limit
cool wyverns are in all the caves bro we are a big family
at this rate the people are flowing in i might have to migrate to cave 3 soon
Hahaha I see yah take some rest mate!!
Big HGTV fan here. So I get exactly what you mean. Looks hard tho but I have no eye for design. What region you flip in?
just a hobby make some unofficial merch for a community
Yea it is not bad at all.. We have a 4 person crew and we just split everything 25
guys we have to be more carefull!!
 dont ever press any link from dm
 always see if the bot have check   in their profile to see if its a legit bot
 always use the official link FROM THE DISCORD CHANNEL
 buy a ledger or else you dont have to buy it but it is much safer if you have it
 some admin can be hacked too so always becarefull with some sus announcement
Temperature my wyvern brother! wthug
Yeah thats the main thing to do and thats where all start
i took a look of the roadmap the game they r making seems like a mmorpg type but that is very difficult to make could potentially take years to complete even for triple A gaming companies does the developer has any previous exp on game making?
only good vibes everywhere strong community here
I woke up at 4pm and now I cant sleep 6087sAdPePe
GM morning somkid how it is going?
Haha I love those shows too.. I live in USA  Pennsylvania you?
well said thats why we are here
I dont think youre understand wyvern fam but all is good 
Doing great mate!! Just chilling and chatting
haha is a real community will join here
yes i agree with you. one of them have prior experience on gaming development i think. I think potential collabs could expedite the whole process
I hope for the best for you man!
California. So we watch a ton of Flip Flop since its all around my area. Hope your flipping life is not as dramatic
Dipping my toes in the hot cave wingedwyvern
ofcourse i understand the feeling of being in one of the best communities
whahaha we good right here right  How u doing buddy
damn bro  what time do you go sleep usually
Byeeeee bring me some more charlie brown memes when you return
what the different between 3 cave ?
Haha good wyvern fam! How are you doing??
Lets go brother still got many slots left
guys i gonna take a rest see u guys tmr
Heck yea man!! It works out great usually. Some argument sometimes but not to bad hahaha
Idk maybe 7 in the morning PepeHands
gonna go to sleep now its almost 2 am here  good night my cave 2 peeps
yupe is always good to join early
Thank you i was tell my fam is about the wellness of the person with that and a dream everything could become possible
see you man the grind continues
Oh I will  just for you! Youre the only one that appreciates me! 
it is just to direct traffic so messages wont be spamming like mad in one channel
no difference just splits up a lot of the bulk of chatting
night night hope everyone doing great and healthy
Lmfao!! I have seen some things but no we are not as bad as on tv hahahaha.. I have bought old meth houses and seen some crazy shit lol
has anyone seen the gaming altcoins on coinmarketcap? all the gaming coins are going CRAZYYY thats actually wild
Goodnight turtle have a good sleep
goodnight people !!! i hope to see you all tomorrow homies
yeah i saw it did you get any exposure
Yeah i know but uf you a smart man you would save up and seperate from them soon is all better to be a full owner
Hmmm cave 3 has lower cooldown time
i have some ntvrk enj and vra but they havent gone too crazy. but decentraland is up 100 today and its the second biggest gaming altcoin thats INSANE
hahah any idea what cause the spike?
i just hope the dev can make realistic goals a mmorpg seems to be an over stretch a pixel based game is way easier to produce there is currently no real nft mmorpg on the market even for a company like illuvium with tons of experienced game developers  artists is still under development idk how a brand new nft can just make a game like that
Do they know you are into crypto?
bro you better get some sleep bro 
Alot of youtubers and people in the space in general have been saying a big gaming surge is coming because there hasnt really been one yet and the gaming industry is huge
really? cave 3 have lower cooldown time
Oh yeah i even try to tell them is now the time
Thats very disgusting. And its exactly why flippers are needed. Normies just want move in ready houses.
not sure bro go there and test hha
Well for now it wouldnt work out if i tried that because I cant afford to pay for everything or I would. I want to get enough money saved up to start flipping properties without houses or with houses that i dont need to work on and just sell for the land value but i got some saving to do first
Yeah i guess beacause less people are expected to be chatting in there haha
The MMO is a collab by the sounds of it!
just give us a couple days so the community will get bigger and we will need the forth cave 
Yeah its a collab we would gain additional items within the game because of the NFT
hmm yeah i agree with you and i feel you concerns are valid too. maybe you can offer some in the suggestion page. Maybe can we wait out for more info to actually understand what is going on. they might have something up their sleeves haha
I mean its about the same as here probably  
blake Hell yeah im just waiting for cave 4 at this point lol
Oh man it was so nasty!!!! We wore gasmask and plastic suits just to clean it out and then we tore it down to the bare frame and rebuilt it. It looked so nice when we got finished no one will ever even know what it used to be unless they seen it before
Well everything at its time no need to rush with Patience come s reward
its gonna be extremly difficult to collab a mmo my man game making doesnt work like that
unforunately we went into partical lockdown until december so we deft gna be living vicariously through everyones haloween costume posts haha
omg these gaming coin gains are buck WILD
thrruusst it all the way to the WL
cave 1 is so much faster then here its crazy
Illuvium has done the same thing with the cars! Its much easier to loan out some of the art for their wyverns than develop 100
Honestly i wouldnt be surprised if there is a cave 10 when this server explodes to near 100k memebers 
yea I can hardly read anything there lol
hahah but today out of so many days? there must a catalyst to cause it
exactly brother not sounds like a joke anymore D
naaiiss it sure does beats copy and pasting texts all the time. awesome efforst bro
i wish ive been to cancun before covid happened ive only seen it thru dvd parties lol
hahah i iwll not be surprised bro. it is actually better for communication but harder to manage for the team
hahahhah thats the reason we gonna stay active
Yeah i really am surprised how fast this server got to 10k.
So now i think anything is possible for this server!
thats right bro! everything is possible
a lot more calm here Holymoly  Legend its insanely fast especially without the exp incentive
Oh hell yeah more caves means you can actually have some civil conversations instead of one spam chat 
sure bro covid ruin many things an many plans and lives c
illuvium has 6b market cap my man i dont think we have much ETH to burn to make a mmo thats all im saying
ya I just go check only 15 sec is jg freak out there
Yeah its usually when someone asks a question they get the about 10 responses Not that thats a bad thing shows good community
yeah man! i can see people are starting to go out of control especially when there are  giveaways
Seriously impressive. Do buyers ever ask what happened to the old owners? And does your realtor just lie lie lie?
Johnny Quid  APE thank you much appreciated I just wanted something funny for adults  that must sound weird
Idk maybe because were getting closer to november or something? idk im hyper bullish for all of Q4
its ambitious but lots of project cant finish their roadmap a pixel based nft should just focus on pixel games imo
Oh yeah when theres a giveaway you know cave 1 is going to be poppin 
Wat I see is all spamming nonsense nonstop 
haha need to check out for the news soon. be sure to take profits along the way
huhuhuh i hope i will make itttt
Wonder what everyones eating today? 
Theres really plenty of time for everyone. We still so early 
Exp system is turned off for 24hrs lets just chill and wait for giveaways bro
i put 500 into 3 gaming coins last week once they double im gonna take out half theyre all getting kinda close already lmao
that pop real man hard even i can barely see my own messages
which coins are you in? im trying to learn more about gaming coins
i just read  has anyone win meme giveaway?
Cant go wrong with fried chicken  
LLB Thats a clasic meal I want some now!
Clovis Yeah i think we need a cave 4 asap because these chats are scrolling too fast!
nice! yeah it is always wise to protect your capital first. i wish you luck for the last 2 months in crypto
ntvrk enj and vra im probably gonna try to diversify a little more soon
Cosmic wyverns isnt the game company though its amethaverse
i want to build a gaming portfolio ive been putting it off for a while now. the FB rebrand news really kinda woke me up
hahah it is still quite manageable for now but im not sure after 12 hours later hahah
Thanks! Clover yea when i saw facebook rebrand i was actually shocked i never expected such a huge company to go so in on crypto let alone the metaverse easyscrubz
hahah i think they might take some time to transit.. time to relook into your port bro
thank bro  im going to check it
Well our realtor is one of our 4 person team so we pretty much leave it up to him to sell it lmfao!!! But normally no people dont really ask because they look like a brand new house when we get done
Oh yeah when the exp comes back online we gonna need that extra cave to save us 
not sure hah becoz dint see any from announcement
Zucks just trying to catch up to the winklevoss twins.
exactly so the dev has to pay amethaverse for the mmo and how much would that be? probably a lot ETH
hahah im gonna go watch and see
oh yeah! im really not looing for it to be back
i believe so by checking out your pfp 
for sure bro make some noise hahah
Brothers I hope you can check out my memes. I have low editing skills but did try my best lmao httpsdiscord.comchannels902798623744618516902798624138862602904062552097579090
no for now i think the closest you get should be mentalhealth or food hahha
BearX  Jack BearX  Jack will do my friend
Same I prefer some more civil chats but I gotta support the growth! I hope this server reaches 100k members some day!
But we will definitely need at least 10 caves 
Thats the way! Honestly just happy Im not looking to buy a house right now. Too crazy. So you must be doing well right now. 
hahah tell me which cave you going by then so i can meet you there
Thats good and im just chilln like a villn
im doing great ser how are you doing?
Oh for sure we gotta take shelter in that cave  
Hopefully we will both have our names in green by then too 
Pretty good now that Im off work! And u?
Amethaverse is creating an MMO cosmic wyverns is partnering to have things like the ability to bring your nft in theyre not paying them to create their own mmo haha. Have you looked at their site?
To be honest its kinda tough right now for us. We been in bid wars at every auction and they are going so high we dont have enough  to buy them. We are hoping it comes back down some soon but who knows if it will
Amazing sir every day is a beautiful day to be alive
that would be beautiful bro must easier to talk in the WL chat haha
We early to this nft space nothing more to be thankful for
Oh yeah if there is a white list chat then we could definitely have fun there 
It must be extra cozy in there 
yes sir you are right! many opportunities everyday when we are here in this space
if anything not being able to get wrecked in the gym is the most gutted of feels. what abt u bro where ur frm?
hahah yeah man! i really hope we both and make it there and have meaningful convo in building this community
amen man 1 year without banging weights sucked
I see dead people... HALLOWEEN is here tell me one spooky thing about this project typinghacker
its refreshing and not boring so it works!
Imagine I just got in 2 months ago if I got in 4 months ago cyberkongz bored apes cool cats would have been great entrys if thats 4 months ago some opportunities will pop up soon
i am from Russia not from States 
Oh yea I already know we will both make it!
As long as we have fun and keep doing what were doing now 
Johnny Quid  APE absolutely good point
whats good with cave 2! im about to watch the ufc main card whoops didnt mean to reply
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend you have to tell me 
yeah learnt from the missed opportunities and look forward. always stay vigilant hahah
haha no problem enjoy the fight
thanks for the confidence sir. i believe you will get there soon.. i wanna see you in green. but lets stay focus on the real convos for now hahah
Like crypto just DCA into what you believe in and can afford to
Nothing wrong with having a little hope and motivation though 
yeah! in a volatile space like this. DCA is definitely an important skill as part of risk management
thats a great way to look at things just about finding the right projects in such a growing market.
omg im WL didnt even realise HOLY
Oh shit. Thats really sucky. I guess theres a lot of competition to flip rn. 
haha yeah! having that small little chat got me dreaming about it and all hyped up
I would be back wyverns have a bless day
New to the server. Happy to be around
Thats the kind of energy we need!
I love having nice chats like these!!!
congratulations with your wl m8!!! lets go!
sorry guys i have been in and out doing stuff
Thats an awesome surprise. Congratulations 
thats okey u dont have to sorry for that!
Let me see if Ill get some love here. Main cave people dont love me
Thanks everyone keep being friendly like you are and im sure youll be there in no time
nice! im from singapore. we are 12 hours away hahah. working right now?
just trying to get to know everyone! and missing out on time
Nah its saturday so no work for me  
Cincai  ARKIPEL  Legend does it sound better now 
im a research analyst in a family office under finance industry. what about you?
That sounds like a very tough job 
haha it is just a lot of evaluation of companies for our clients portfolio. wow software engineer sounds even tougher
Nice. Slowly transitioning into this field
im about to heard to bed soon bro! i will catch you again tomorrow bro! 
Guys. Saw now the last duel epic movie. I suggest to everyone .
oh my bad  i thought u were going to do something irl
people dont actually read the rules
ATTENTION guys we are well over 10k lets keep it up
Is it out now. Been waiting to watch it. Matt Damon yea?
were gonna keep growing this fast this project is hype af
Alright have a great sleep my man! Software engineer does seem like its gonna be tough yea!
no i came back from doing it haha
Yep... But the best Ridley Scot doing it. Out now in Portugal at least.
grind gang hopefully i get in wl
Same mate I really wish I can draw
I will write something for my Dino Boys. Something epic  my point of view ahah 
same here glad I found about this project
Yo cave 2 gang just got back from lunch with my lady whatd I miss?
same the stuff they made is so dope i would never be able to do that lmao
thank you bro what u been up too
just chilling here with the wyverns brother 
probably gonna make smth to eat now   getting hungry
Jared4 defo I can see a lot of options for everyone joining to help them feel welcomed gut the project in itself rocks anyway
GM vee. Very bearX pfp. Is the project out yet ?
congrats! hope to join you soon
doing great broddy and what about u?
Nope not yet.. the havent announced a date yet..but I think soon 
after discord and twitter hack they still up impressive
Fine thx  just chilling and eating some pizza
i didnt get on bear x wl so no bears for me
Anyone please give me opinion? WWhat if we move to project to IMX as launch pad?
Ok awesome when it is minting ?
So many bearx gang in these caves so dope to see!
You wouldnt try sweeping the floor or that gonna cost to much you think?
no worry is time to get a Wyvern !!
guess i gonna have to eat smth 
TBA sir you can check in faqs  its Nov though
There isnt an official mint date yet. All we know for now is that its gonna be a whitelist only mint the discord was only made like 4 days ago so theres still some time until the official mint im sure.
ppl are gonna post there bears for alot
how we feeling today? where are yall come from?
feeling good about to hit the gym p from east coast U.S. you?
Keep calm guys and carry on typing responsibly   
It would be around secone or third week of Nov
Yeah but they handelt it pretty awesome 
deff eat up brother! and enjoy it
Ow ok awesome I will check that GL
lets say u guys get the wl and mint one wyverns after that someone offered you 3 eth what would you do?
half across the world im from indonesia. nice to emeet you fam
hell yeah didnt win any giveaway in bearx maybe this project is my chance to get wl
no worry u got the chance ! belive it !
True. I missed the kaijukingz WL. But after mint you couldve snagged the floor at .1 ETH. Considering where that projects gone if you have the liquidity it could still be a possibility.
Nope I tried so hard bro iam a bit frustrated though 
nice to meet you fam glad to see the diversity in here!
what is the price now? is it high?
HODL like my life depends on it
dont put your head down bro many projects coming
For sure always gotta be positive with all investments
hopefully we get on wyvern list who needs bearx
Yeah think I really like this one here hope this time its working out better for me wbu whats ur favorite project atm
Pennsylvania its a pretty lowkey state on the east coast
sure you will do it many spots on wl just keep active and engaging
For what I read almost al people is from America JJj. Rise Money ma Boys .
Nope buddy there are not out yet... hope u can get one than
Ah I heard of that. I have been to US as exchange student there. Its Oregon.
damn the green color looks nice
After they got hacked im not that intrested anymore 
you will make it to bro just keep helpful
Yes true..I will try my best  thank you for ur support bro
Be active and aware of giveaways so you can get one too 
they recover very good and i think the project have potential
That hack was ridiculous. Crazy to think how much money people lost.
Well u understand but that actually happens a lot. And everything is back right on track..so I dont think it matters
Yea it was really bad but they raised the mint price to .05 to repay those who got scammed so
no problem bro im here to help if you need something just tell me
Yeah that was nice to see. Its nice to see when a dev team cares about the community. And isnt focused purely on their payday.
Yep is true tho but I dont want to risk it that much anymore jsteuner yeees alot of money I would like to have  vee BearX well is also true but im a bit afraid of hackers 
True but also was a obviously scam. When ppl just buy without any idea about the project its not good
Man the hacker spammed the hell out of those announcements 
Yea for sure still think the hack messed up the stigma of the project for alot of people but the admins clearly didnt have bad intentions so im still rocking with them
Alright. Got some stuff done around the house now I got some time to check out NFT land.
I agree. Its always interesting to see how communities respond to set backs and stuff. Ive had a couple projects that had rocky starts and one pulled through while the other is still picking up the pieces.
I hope I can get a giveaway is that only way left for WL
Im still pretty new to this space so that was my first experience with something like that but the nothing about the project changed just a discord exploit and bad security by them. I still have high hopes for them
Yes. Rocky start doesnt mean a project is dead
Jacoos bear x did not me TheRealTomNook make sure to be active too cuz if you win and you are not they will reroll
ArmandoB damn bro your the only one whos active since got wl true wyverns
from the Brunei of Borneo mang which part of the states ya at
Oh nice! Thats cool I can be active I plan to be here long term as well
wheres taht bro im from california
sheeeiitt are the gym stil closed where ya at like wheres that
Me too. Im playing the early floor game on that one and hoping to snag a deal or 2. But well see. The initial price discovery for projects can be very intimidating. And hopefully I can snag a WL spot here.
there were closed for a while but they only opened up a few months ago thank god
I got whitelist over there thankfully. Was so happy thats the first big project i got whitelisted for
I DONT NEED XP I NEED my wyvern
is ok u can get WL here ! Still early !
Dont we all. Theres really no point to XP
Congrats! Ive only managed one WL so far. But heres hoping.
Ive seen a few other too bur I would like to be an example to keep the community active since I love it alot TheRealTomNook thats a good start already keep it up
Thank you were still very early for this project I have faith we can get green 
which project u talkiing abt bro?
2637 whitelist spots still left
Welcome to all new wyverns plz make sure to stay active make sure to check announcements at this moment xp is suspended it would be announced once is back on but stay tune you could also for a chance giveaways and triviaquiz
Hopefully  were still early so i think its def possible
wish you best of luck but not more then me tho lol
All caves popping without exp. on love to see it
yess thats waat we are doing here having a chill conversation
hahaha yeah i get that question alot were a dot somewhere in south east asia just as big as singapore but nowhere near how developed it is. ahhh cali west coast.......well i suppose we are closer over the pacific side
Yees hopefully we can maintain the great community we have forever 
Good good keep it up yall were really close to hitting 11k members as well
Tbh I dont see the point if having xp. This is working fine lololol
Hopefully we do i would be here
just one of the many opportunities not everyone has to participate!
nice bro travelling and gyms were deft the things i took for granted precovid never again. even when im travelling i will hit the gyms now
Exactly lol theres no reason to be worried about XP
Nice I was hanging out in cave 3
Exactly dude Aron thats more stressful than chatting here lolol intention too strong
I mean people want xp back to get in top 200
i tot cave 3 slowtime is low? cant have a good chat man
love these bro def try to get a mod to check these out!
This one is way slower which I like its a lot less spammy
hahha just chill here everyday we will get WL def
Congrats on WL at BEarX i have WL for that project too
I hope so dont have a lot of time tmrrw. Today i reached like 1000 messages
Thanks bro ! congraz to u too !
Criu ya this one more chill no nid care about the quality
Yeah this one is superior to them in my opinion
really? oh man why u still dint get WL
Hopefully they see it just wanna protect users first and foremost  thanks bro
both are superior I like both art
Who here is actually an illustrator?
yes thats the key chill and relaxing
Looks like cave 2 the chill server? lmao
Welcome to all new wyverns plz make sure to stay active make sure to check announcements at this moment xp is suspended it would be announced once is back on but stay tune you could also for a chance giveaways and triviaquiz
Finally chat slowing a bit down  been so  crazy this day
This will be the next blue chip for sure
Def bro I go so many cave cave 2 still da best
def !! we gonna make this project to the moon
I think i like cave 2 the most aswell
Looks like the vibe here is chill lmaoo I just like the 15 sec timer in cave 3  better vibe here tho
Love em all too but this one is good
this one is smth between the first and the third lol
ShyyKii ya cave 2 is better coz less ppl here we can have quality chat
I like this one because its so relaxed
No luck involved just stay active and youll be good
You look familiar are you in BearX?
Keep going brotha community is going to be strong on this one no invite contest BS
the market is in trouble !!! cryptocurrency is growing and the project is flying in space
howdy there. like to see familar faces in new servers. Give me confidence about the level of the project
ye bro  u certainly cant go wrong with this one!
chill is the bbest key to get active trust the team
Youre in WL man happy for you!!!
Same shit different day just getting active! This chat is blowing up fs man its wild
Definitely would much rather it be like this instead of invites with bots
Thanks hope you can get it too and many others 
give it a few more days and I bet we are at 20k. Great time to be in here
Yea bro the invite ones are trash af. It doesnt just ruin the community your in but all the other ones you go to spreading your invite link lol
Agreed Im calling 50k fs by launch if not more.
Thats the attitude who knows maybe you win the giveaway too
Love the setup of the server as well makes navigation easy props to the team
Hope so bro I love this project
Yall being chill in thecave2 ? 
Same there is a great future ahead of this project
i bet this one will have smth around 80k or so
chat one is tooooo popping haha cant keep up
Those invite contest servers are so dead! Nothing like this discord
good luck to you as well my friend
Good cant complain just ate some good food now waiting for my homies gender reveal! So good day fs spending down time in the cave with yall!
true just inches away from that
The moon is nothing compared to what we got hahaha
so many invite contest to get WL are real tired
Mannn Im feeling it too homie these are sick. I honestly like the wyvern  more than the kaijus and I really loved the kaijus
Definitely gets old. Tbh when I see thats what their doing I leave the server honestly unless its really cool stuff
Do check out announcements for more
Whats up homie you new here? Got any questions? Ask away if I cant help someone got the answers!
If anyone hasnt had the chance there are some great items Pinned to the top of the page
This one is super active for 11k members
It is bro this is as active as the chats I be seeing with 50k if not more active
Yes bro. Relatively new. Just having rank 202
I dont even have a rank  when did you get here??? I got here in the am
Stay active here guyssss worth spending time here
Thats good that others feel like thst too 
Theres a level 9 with rank 300 fu
Woke up to my projects selling well and public listings its gonna be a good day.
Project is going to moon.  Art community  Roadmap
im tempted to get a doodle they are on discoutn rn
100000 art and roadmap got me here but the community made me stay 
lets go this community is poppin
Just got mine last night. Couldnt pass it up. 1010 recommend.
Growing stronger and bigger man
1.25 was at 1.05 around 12AM est
Sheesh I just wish I had some leftover shmoneys lol 
RYU  JW goodnight homie see you tomorrow 
Love to see everyone chillin in cave 2 
ya a good team is can but if random hell no
ya I love no rushing just chilling with active and positive attitude thats wat we want and no gas war
Exactly this the A team we got right here! 
Thanks said you too but you are going to sleep hahaha
Man fu gas prices  I hate ethereum for that but I understand
Well guys off to practice some golf will catch up later. Have a nice and hope to see some new greens 
but no choice their market is steady now thats what we can say
OK guys im gotta sleep soon see u all tmr
Thanks bro enjoy your day my man!
Exactly I love ethereum and think its gonna go crazy but man the gas fees be more than the money I make sometimes 
good night bro i also want sleep soon !
Like the JF homie. Know its good when a fellow freak in here 
Yess sir how you doing my man??
Just chillin man tryin to get active and blessed 
Tovarisch heeey nice to see you here! how are you?
iamjake qcapalot good thanks how bout yall
I really like this guy in my pfp so cool!
Lol man same here been busy all day soo just ease drop from time to time
Man you know the vibe. Chilling with the wyvern fam 
Im great! where are you from mate?
Right its hard to be in these for an extended period of time like that lol
Yeah it is pretty hard but as much free time as i get i come in cause iknow rhis project is really gonna be worth it bro
Nice country so beauty! I wish I visit England one day
Thanks homie  I definitely like yours aswell. Now only if we can own them 
Yes g wot u telling me was you 1 of the super early1s
i love it!!!! we need now our official cave 2 flag
Im a bit tired but good I guess I see you everywhere
Ohh yea bro easily gonna be a blue chip
Yea it is Im from London and still got a lot of the country to see where u from friend?
Im not quite sure what you were asking 
Yes most defientely bro i  agree!
need to put number 2 on it so people know we are cave 2
Sorry let me get of my London talk I see ur one of the purples.was u some of the early crowd to join the project.
Whats going on boys and girls? What have you all been up to today
i hope i can get into this project
Ohhh no I wish I was  I just boosted the server! Found it helps my name be noticed and people want to talk with me more!
Youre already in here and there still plenty of whitelist spots
welcome to cave 2 we have our own official cave 2 flag and official sound.
It seems theres a couple of giveaways as well as trivial and as long as youre in here theres a good chance to get Whitelisted
can you bless me with the cave 2 flag 
Fs bro this community is gonna be crazy!
hello hows the weekend going for everybody!
Honestly the best cave imo super laid back
100 it already is getting there
djor13 welcome to our new cave 2 citizen
Its doing its job then!  its worth it to me! I think its an easy way to show you really like the community
hi guys hows everyone going in cave 2?
its 3am here and i just reached home after a long day out! didnt had time to be in here today unfortunately
have u been chilling outside enjoying Halloween time?
All good homie we missed you and glad you got in here! Long day whats you doing?
such a warm welcome here. thanks all
This one is definitely superior tbh the other ones are too spammy
For sure but I like this one the most imo
For a little bit I was trying to chat in all of them but it didnt work out too well 
nice bro hope you enjoy your time here
But why not be at 3 at the same time 
if you need help feel free to ask everyone in cave 2 is helpful and nice 
thanks homie. love the vibes in here
Going great my guy! Where were you dabbling and how are you doing?
Whenever the giveaway comes in its hard cos people get really excited
Yea more and more people keep joining in lol. Gonna just get worse but it is what it is
Now its pretty chill and for once we can have a nice chat.
Someone has to why cant it be you 
I think theres a good chance to win. I observe the trival yesterday and I have a new strat now
blake nooo i wished was working throughout the day and ended the day with a late night exercise sess
qcapalot decided to hopped in cave 2 after seeing the immense amount of chats gg on in cave 1. just ended a late night exercise sess
NFTQueen thats nice to hear. tiring day for me!
heyo hows my Cave 2 peeps doing
well at least u are doing exercises u know! i am also going to start going to the gym soon!
We good we in here vibeing bro 
Hahha Its more to do with observation and counting. If I get in Ill let you know but just hang out here and chat with everyone
Oh what made you tired man. What have you been up to
GM ma man. seems like cave 2 is more chill 
its da kidd  wyvern can totally feel the chill vibes here
How do people communicate in cave 1
Doing good. Dabbling in the caves
i have a secret. i actually got 3 pairs of eyes. im mutated
qcapalot you should! nfts are making us glued to the chair all day long haha
crazycryptocake wassup ma homie! hope you get the green light soon youve been so hardworking
NFTQueen work and exercise! so drained now but decided to pop in here for abit
Are the various caves specific to any topics?
Lol yeah its soo much more chill cave 2 is when you wanna unwind from cave 1 lmao
Fair plays I like the   and sure people in here appreciate it. Im a check round the other channels and nice meeting u
exactly thats what happens to me glued to the cheer
even fell some pain in my legs afterwards
doesnt seem like it.  If you need any help just ask
welcome to cave 2 i am the president here. free cookie for you.
only 23 more to 11k members lets get it
im good just chilling drinking wine at my Halloween evening 
Didnt really need help with anything just trying to understand the server more this is my first NFT
that sounds bad! take a stroll or something. always lived by the quote health is wealth
lfg go bro i will invite my friends
Hey hey hey cave 2 whats up my people
I see. Always take time to rest health is important. Good thing is that you dont need to grind too much today as theres no xp given but admins are still giving WL to those deserving
Nice meeting you too! Sure Ill see you more!
and congrats for that green sir
yep i do like a 5 min exercises from time to time  just to let the blood go u know
hardworking is my middle name my G. you are hardworking too hope you get green soon and we see each other on the other side  
its da kidd  wyvern cave 2 is honestly pretty good i can rest my eyes lmao
Gm everyone! Awesome to see everyone here
the grandmas are the expert of making cookies dont u worry
I said it last night Ill say it again cave 2 best cave lmao
Gm! Awesome to see you too homie
Oh well thats good news. Have a good rest!
yes and ur name will be green soon
Lol yess very true ilike your pfp btw my man
yes bro and you will soon be green just stay helpful and active
Has Facebook already released if NFTs will be used with Meta?
ive decided to chill in cave 2 and occasionally go back to cave 1
its da kidd  wyvern thank you ma man!!! do you have one boonji? you should go get it its pretty cheap on OS rn
NFTQueen definitely   haha yeah i saw something like today is rest day or sth for the community
blake yup definitely gotta let the blood flow yknow otherwise its so unhealthy for the body
Yeahhhh boy thats the way to do it cave 1 is too fast to try and be in all the time
exactly plus i am trying to go for a walk in the evening
das right 4 years ago weve always lived by the quote the harder you work the luckier you get ye? pto
this cave is now quieter then cave 3 
So many people like to chill so they all are there D
Nahh bro idont ilike the concept tho and really ihavent checked whats floor rn?
Facebook Changes Company Name to Meta Plans NFT Support
Mark Zuckerberg has announced that Facebook will change its company name to Meta while retaining the old name for its social media platform.
With phone in hand chatting in discord 
PlayStation home was the original metaverse
blake hopes all fine w your legs take care!  hope you get da green light soon 
chasen8 haha its a fact w whatever youre doing in life
qcapalot need to grow more pairs of eyes to be in cave 1  
Chrisb960 the XP will be the same regardless of which cave we are in right? Mods be lurking around each caves?
zackemc if you believe you can achieve PTO 
its da kidd  wyvern floor pretty low think it is 0.38 now haha
ye brother good luck to u too! WAGMI!
Ahhaha oh yeahh thats not bad at all think ima go scope them out again thnks for the info 
Yup Ive seen admins and mods in all 3 caves just keep doing your thing and help whoever you see needs it D
The addiction is real lol. Since I got into nfts my sleep schedule has taken a hit but hey Im young lol. This is when Im supposed to do this stuff 
but didnt detect my rank sooooo sad
ahaha the same happened to me  literally have no sleep schedule at all rn 
Yeah so all we should do is to chill today. Tomorrow will be another hard grinding day haha
Yea were gonna just have to be ready for that counter to go off 
Are gas feed just based on their ETH traffic at that time or is there more to it? Nft addiction sounds more profitable than drug addiction
congrats to everyone family we just hit 11k wpumpkin 
its da kidd  wyvern yeah you actually should!! 
Chrisb960 absolutely!! been here for days and have been vibin and contributing as much as i can. made a few friends too lovin this community
I just dont sleep  or I sleep a lot to catch up. Not good at all 
Hahaha. TBD if less healthy or not.
crazycryptocake i have a dream when i wake up in the morning i want all of you to be richer and happier! 
blake hopefully ill see ya on the other side soon!!  
NFTQueen right. time to get ample rest to prepare for a long day of grinding tmr 
Where do you see this project in the future brother??
well ye  not that good for our health tbh
the way the project is growing and the art and the strong community do we need more ?
I think just traffic on the ethereum chain and then miner fees of course
we gonna meet again over there together!
Nope we honestly need to close the discord for now lol get some exclusivity going
Definitely is. Facebook trying to lead the charge by changing name to Meta lol
Nfts seem like an way to be a stay at home parent what are miner fees?
Zero. Hence we all here hanging out!
yeah right we need to recharge our bodies and mind very well
Yeah I dont want them to have that much power hopefully someone else can outpace them
Gross. I think for Facebook its too late for them. they need more than just a name change
That wont happen their gonna keep this open fs.
its da kidd  wyvern are you talking about Wyverns or Boonji brotha?
Owning Insta probably lets them reach a huge audience
Yeah I know definitely wont close
Good point I forget they have IG. Definitely more users there and younger audience.
yeah fo sure. its physically and mentally draining tbh! could take a toll on our health
If they could get to tik Tok the world would end
True I want someone else to get some money 
Yeah mark would do some bad things with that much power I feel like
Yeah so what are your plans this weekend
Finally this cave is slowing down
Please dont let them do that. As if theres not enough stupidity in TikTok already. Throw in the Facebook users.
Definitely not how you doing brotha
doing great so far and how are u doing today bro?
If theyre able to manipulate people that easily with Facebook I bet meta would be unimaginable
probably just gna stay in my mancave rest and chill out. hbu? any halloween celebrations?
Super excited for this project no cap
Yeah its just not gonna be a good look. Meta verse is the future but I dont want Facebook having control lol
Trying to stay here for few more hours and have some rest. Then maybe have some movie marathon with the family
For sure how long have you been chatting?
If theyre trying to brainwash stupid people are their target audience
We all are. Team organized community hyped and nice roadmap so far.
I am sensing this community will grow to 20k in just under 3 days
Yeah Ive been here since yesterday we doubled in members since then.
Guys Im so excited about this project i tried to make a hand drawn fanart  check it out and leave a reaction 
ye bro  thats gonna happen almost everyday i suppose the natural growth as it is!
Organic growth is the best growth
glad to be here just joined  loving the vibes
I just realized we officially hit 11k. 
Welcome creature just changed my pfp from my creature to this lol how are you doing brotha
mannn you need to pay more attention 
hopefully you get that wyvern looks bomb af!
Have you seen sneakpeek  yet? It looks insane
Yes bro but really love the arts!
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns hahaha. I know but I pop in and out cuz Im adulting with the kiddo and doggies.
Cave 2 is the move for sure Ill be back tomorrow
Thank you bro !! What tine is there ?
Lets make this community more alive everyone!!
The pixels seem to be the IT thing. so I guess I better jump on the bandwagon and add some to my collection! You got any pixels?
abcvisuals EVOLVING I Wyverns I appreciate your blessing buddy! Shall do better in the future
i just like pixelated art in general i bought a bunch of medieval pixel nfts but sadly they rugged me...but thats another story
maybe the next sneak peek i will put as my pfp
Thanks wagmi brotha just gotta stay active
yea its hard to find honest nft projects nowadays so stay safe and alert guys
Yeah I wanna be more original I see a bunch of people with mine but only way to do that is to actually mint one lol
Sucks. I feel like most of us been rugged at least once. Like a rite of passage in NFT land
its sad though...newbies dont want that first experience and it will drive them away
whats good cave 2 anyone watching this ufc card rn?
Yeah people who rug will def have some karma tho
Hows everyone weekend going soo far?
What are easy ways to tell if an NFT is an honest one or not?
it will come to them eventually
by the decisions that team make
Whats up brotha congrats on the whitelist not watching the ufc card actually spending some time with family
Doing good thanks how are you doing?
I hope this projects turns out to be the good one. Already like the direction the team is taking
yep thats why im waiting because many people have the same
It does suck. Rugs gas and hacksscams. Hopefully it improves quickly cuz were all here early and want the space to grow.
always good to spend time with family this card is stacked with really good fights though!
we are all having a good time tonight
Im good full ijust ate lunch lol
main card is 3 fights in but the next fight is about to start
Nice I literally had breakfast like 3 hours ago lol
Whos ready for my little crimson wyverns animation???? MagnusDrake ShihTzu 
Lol ijust had breakfast for lunch lmao
Normally an omelette but had chocolate chip pancakes and bacon
Yeah I did bro. I know you enjoyed yours
Ive gotten into so many rugs its sad
Waiting patiently to get into the WL lol
hi bros hope you are enjoying your day now if you want to try luck we have a new giveaways  you can win wl they are 3 winners
Giveaway time everyone giveaways
rn its petr yan vs cory sandhagen which is the 1 and 3 in the bantamweight and its actually the co main rn my bad
Keep chatting brotha stay active and youll get there
scared ill get picked for raffle but not be active enough
Good idea to have many channels
ayeeeee another giveaway !! i think imma win this one
giveaway happening now lets go yall giveaways goodluck guys
I m looking and messages and impressed. Everybody so kind. Beautiful project comin
Organic Terps  doxxed team active community and make sure you read the roadmap. And dont fomo we all do it sometimes....but most of the time I have regrets later
So what are the different cave channels for?
i think the minimal requirements to enter the raffle is at least 10 messages which isnt bot like or scripted
thats the goal but i havent been here all that long
Just so there isnt one chat being spammed
Hows the VIP cave doing? I heard this is lit
Where you from bro. Im from Nigeria
Got like 10 min to be active lol! What new bud?
how much msg would be defined as active?
Ayyyy you know it! Cave 2 squad straight chillin
This one is superior to the rest imo
Qjahaahahah 10 min left for the give away
hi bros hope you are enjoying your day now if you want to try luck we have a new giveaways  you can win wl they are 3 winners goodluck bros
yep there we go! im just on lunch and working remote
haha im chilling on this halloween weekend hbu?
Good luck i hope someone here wins it!
Man these giveaways sneak up on you
Thank you I def hear you on the fomo. Never ever doing that. It never works out
amongusparty  the vibes in here are fire
This cave is chiller than others
Goodluck to everyone in the giveaway!
yup sounds like my weekend as well
Cave 2 gangwingedwyvern wingedwyvern wingedwyvern wthug
Whats good cave 2 make sure to join the giveaway giveaways
Mostly NFT NYC which I am feeling the FOMO right now since I wont be there
get some sleep man. today is our rest day
I love labradors so friendly and just all around good doggies. What color?
ruddy sweet. I was remote working during covid for a bit but they made me go back...so boooo. 
Jino West yep a chill Halloween weekend. Gonna take the kid trick or treating. She 2
Im from california bro hows nigeria??
I love the idea of multiple caves. Keep the chat manageable.
true heared it on the bus home from work had to jump in here
Over 1k on the raffle! Best of luck deadass
Gotta keep grinding for this project i really need a spot to secure the wyvern because its so sick!
Oh damn everyone is chillin today?
i havent actually paid for it yet idk if i wanna order it yet... a herman miller LOL
thats soo cute i hope she has fun!!!
Cool bro.. We just tryna get this NFT paper bro
Everyone please head to giveaways
Good luck yall! Hope we all win someday
Are you aware that theres no xp today?
Good luck on the raffle everyone!
She will. I feel like she just discovered candy. Now everything is 1 candy?
same to you good luck to you as well MrPman
Yes but love the community so active its alive without the exp lmao
Yes besides the paper the project is very dope bro and community is just amazing 
yeah. holding my breath for the raffle results... lol
haha make sure she doesnt get too addicted
In case yall didnt know... its giveaway time!
Multiple caves is pretty cool yea i agree
i would love to be a mod for this discord. i am a mod in The Brett Way Toutubers discord and in the Bored Degen Crypto arcade
I need this win for my wyvern dreams pls
Good luck guys. Everyone has a 0.25 chance to win! 
Yeah we can still get WL today. Good thing that theres different options to get WL here
Its necessary because the chat would be moving way too fast if it was just one
is there any difference or something?